returns a 0 - based depth within the object graph of the current object being serialized .
checks whether the scheme alters the training dataset during training . if the scheme needs to modify the training data it should take a copy of the training data . currently checks for changes to header structure , number of instances , order of instances , instance weights .
compute the union size of two bitsets .
test 2 keys with candidates in reverse order .
handle a closing event
returns a description of the array .
returns a new sector whose angles are the extremes of the this sector and another . the new sector ' s minimum latitude and longitude will be the minimum of the two sectors . the new sector ' s maximum latitude and longitude will be the maximum of the two
determines whether the value is equal to the specified double .
integer value of a positive bigdecimal
main recursive method to examine the directory hierarchy .
get a sorted array containing all column values for a given tuple iterator and field .
divide with invalid rounding mode
handles changes in the dataset .
the provided config can be used to bind the provided in the config .
return true if the given type is a string , false if it is a string .
api method . makes an entry entry .
validates a sql statement .
converts to object array .
is this logger instance enabled for the level ?
determines an item to use for the specified player ' s category .
create a new matcher based on configuration values .
determine the max levels of the given level
ask to the user for retyping the pass code just entered before saving it as the current pass code .
rolls back the worker thread creation . - removes worker from workers , if present - decrements worker count - rechecks for termination , in case the existence of this worker was holding up termination
insertfunctionalitytest # testinsert4 ( ) . tests insert . . . select with expressions in select query
put the map entry into a local map
receive notification of the end of an element .
send a fatal error log message
delete the list of all nodes in the tree .
returns a string representation of this object .
validates passed in array against the passed in principal strategy .
build the final bitmap - pieces to draw in animation
unregisters a new virtual - machine shutdown hook .
main method to queue
bounds the current scroll if necessary , but does not synchronize the stack view with the model .
computes the set for the sum .
waits until the request is ready to be applied .
starts a new instance of a cache .
updates the view state for the selected indicator .
paints the image on the window .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection via the named event
it checks if the tag is prefixed ( contains the character ' : ' ) .
quietly releases connection without modifying the connection to the pool .
add actions to the list of actions
adds a simple renderer to the multiple renderer .
copies stream , fires progress events by listener , can be interrupted by listener .
calculates the needed angle for a given value
returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
creates a new instance .
create a new charseq with the given character sequence .
implements the http get method .
notify listeners that state has changed
test for getorder ( ) method
formats and logs a message with a throwable .
constructs the redis key used to increment and queue the localid for jobs in queue .
decodes a string charset from its original form using the utf - 8 encoding . escaped characters are converted back to their original representation .
adds specified domain name to the list of permitted domains
create a new instance
tests fail : always returns false , failing statements commented out . feature only partially implemented . missing : test positive case not supported .
computes the jrmp " method hash " of this remote method .
copy the contents of the given byte array to the given outputstream . leaves the stream open when done .
does this item have any items loaded yet ?
renders given size of the frame files in logical native frame .
encode parts of the message using text compaction as described in iso / iec 15438 : 2001 ( e ) , chapter 4 . 4 . 2 .
check to see if a string is a valid ncname according to [ 4 ] from the xml namespaces 1 . 0 recommendation
appends the specified element to the end of this list .
prepare the dataset required for running test cases
method to build service attributes
check the given value is the given string .
recover all the primary partitions
creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
removes the recurrence from persistant store .
copy nodelist members into this nodelist , adding in document order . if a node is null , don ' t add it .
return true if the time has passed since last time marked as last batch .
create a new document type .
services a commandline request .
returns the byte array as a byte array .
convert the style name to style .
begin conditional " metadata " button .
routine will adjust data export masks
inserts a new element at a given position in the array . if the array is null , does nothing .
write a graphic to the printout . < p > this was not in the original class , but was added afterwards by bob jacobsen . modified by d miller . < p > the image is positioned on the right side of the paper , at the current height
put the source tree root node in the document cache . todo : this function needs to be a lot more sophisticated .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
copy a input resource to a output resource
starts audio audio audio file
draws the edge of the top border .
load the class properties from the given class loader .
add a number to zero
fixes a base 64 ) datetime .
returns whether the provided cell has been set for a given event type .
read a single character . this method will block until a character is available , an i / o error occurs , or the end of the stream is reached . < p / > < p > subclasses that intend to support efficient single - character input should override
this function is used to plot the y axis and its breakdown with value . uses drawline ( ) method to create the y axis and lines to show breakdown of y axis and drawtext ( ) method to plot labels related with breakdowns
returns the maximum value of all samples .
prints a file to the specified file .
extends the rule to the end of this rule .
adds a token pattern .
test for getorder ( ) test .
this method will be used to check whether stream is already present in cache or not for filepath if not present then create it and then add to cache , other wise get from cache
removes a listener from the set of listeners
returns what the serialization specification calls " descriptor " given a field signature .
adds a new parameters to the request body .
convert class name to annotation class .
checks whether the given cloudresource id exists or not .
a service wrapper for the createelectronictextmethod method . forces permissions to be checked .
instantiates a new pattern .
compute the intersection of two line segments .
method which removes the specified object class from original set and returns the set of object classes that were removed .
get the unix timestamp encoded in milliseconds .
check existence of provided key is set .
draws the grid background
opens a stream to an entry in the jar .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
callback from the native that is finished
this overridden method checks to see if the layer lists .
returns common pool queue for a thread that has submitted at least one task .
returns true if this textcharacter has the given modifier content .
divide : rounding mode is round_half_up , result is positive ; distance = - 1
api method . makes an entry in a user readable format .
this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you override this method you must call through to the superclass implementation ( e . g . super . onpagescrolled (
converts the given string containing java ' , ' \ r ' , and ' \ r ' , ' \ n '
creates a list of the database from the given input stream .
calculate selector radius the selector radius can be calculated by a simple math calculation of the larger side .
determines the width of this view
test bulk get / put byte [ ] methods with offset and length .
fired when the to notify the object has been added .
waits until a single character is encountered .
transforms multiple paths will all matrices .
decodes a byte array from base64 format . no blanks or line breaks are allowed within the base64 encoded input data .
ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance .
item will slide from top of the screen to its natural position .
constructs a new mutableint parsing the given biginteger .
handle default tenant request sent with a wrong binding
[ not supported ]
load from the store .
checks to see if the resultset is closed .
puts the given parameter value into a new list object then adds it to the map .
returns the minimum dimensions the target container can use to lay out the components it contains .
computes hyperbolic sine of a matrix for beta distribution
select the view within the given position .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
the text node is empty .
waits for the given file in the editor
finds the solution at specified offset .
converts a wwn to an absolute value of the number .
register a callback for the registered listener .
parses an ascii property list from an input stream .
usage : return the current score of this distribution
creates a new instance of grammaticalityestimator , using a given set of documents for training .
check if a zone has a valid sha1 ( text .
checks the bin values of a bin .
check that the supplied .
measure and layout all currently visible children .
processes the connection events and notifies all listeners .
gets the percent of values below the specified range .
closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
releases a previously used page ( if any ) page , the caller ' s current page .
adds a new event listener to this dialog .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
convert string to byte array .
loads the specified properties file into memory
compare the two nodes .
parses a name - value - pair with the given parser .
actions a pull event
an object represents a line mapping .
parse the template and return a string .
find the differences between two texts . simplifies the problem by stripping any common prefix or suffix off the texts before diffing .
creates a global domain .
returns the number of unprocessed tokens remaining in the string .
add the index to the queue
reset all common components before parsing
updates the volume label with the passed vplex virtual volume
displays a dialog with a wrong exception .
create the object after serialization . this implementation reinitializes the transient properties .
paint the arrow in pressed state .
logs a thrown exception .
convert a small bigdecimal to biginteger
called when the accuracy of the sensor has changed .
return true if the flag has been read - over the plot .
setmaxcrlnumber ( biginteger maxcrl ) method testing . tests if crls with any crl number value match the selector in the case of null crlnumber criteria , if specified maxcrl value matches the selector , and if crl with inappropriate crlnumber value does not match the selector .
shows the context menu depending on the mouse event .
removes task from the task
java . math . bigdecimal # divide ( java . math . bigdecimal , java . math . roundingmode ) divide ( bigdecimal , roundingmode )
ensures that a path exists in a directory or not .
load a class . return null if the class ' s name is not of the class named .
determines the height of this view
this only checks clipping along the bottom edge .
creates a new scheduling rule factory for the given workspace
writes a byte array to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
adds the specified item to the list at the end of the list .
check if a pending message is a pending operation .
determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction .
parses the current node and returns the number of elements added .
calculates the angle of a given number of image in c2 to c2 .
test for numeric fields
callback invoked on - write to the cache , each time an action .
static version of indexof , to allow repeated calls without needing to re - acquire array each time .
populate software profiles from the profiles .
checks the header of a file header , checking it ' amount of file header , and returns the file is not 0 .
absolute value of imaginary component
determines the type of the global extremum .
returns the character representation of the alphabet format .
provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments .
refills the input buffer .
processes mouse events and responds to clicks .
add a module to the set of modules to load and register its services
returns true if all tables are contained in the database .
classifies the given sequences using the given sequence as a convenience .
binds list item view with this adapter
sets the button is selected line list .
draws a rectangle of given half width and half height , centered on ( x , y ) .
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
replaces the split element with the given index .
called to start adding an item to an item list .
determine the number of records in the split chunk .
called when the mouse is clicked when a mouse button .
scans the source directories for the source directory .
returns true if there is another postponed route to try .
return true if the current element type
creates igfs path from uri .
reads a xml element attribute ans cast it to a int value
returns the remainder of ' reader ' as a string , closing it when done .
add a given property of this row to the server
mark the entry as in marked as used entry .
default method - returns " input "
handles the state of a certain state
registers implementing class of the signaturealgorithm with algorithmuri
loads existing key settings from the settings file .
returns true if the input string contains an empty regular expression .
checks if any of the segments on a segment string segment .
removes the first occurrence , starting at the beginning and moving towards the end , of the specified object from this vector . all elements with an index bigger than the element that gets removed have their index decreased by 1 .
iterates over all nodes and returns operator
adds and specification to front of the ui columns
utility method that implements data binding ' s logic to convert a file name to a java class name
a function that generates random aes & hmac keys and prints out exceptions but doesn ' t throw them since none should be encountered . if they are encountered , the return value is null .
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method .
execute a sql select expression .
creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
refreshes the done button of the user
create the migration group editor .
this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you override this method you must call through to the superclass implementation ( e . g . super . onpagescrolled (
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
accepts an ipv4 address of the form xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx , ie 192 . 168 . 0 . 1 and returns the corresponding 32 bit integer .
close the given cursor and remove it from the map
check if there are more tags at the given pattern .
generates the instruction to push the given type on the stack .
creates a new node with the given content
adds the specified item to the list at the specified position .
notify unsuccessful completion of the operation
transform an xsl - fo streamsource to the specified output format .
splits the input string based on the default delimiter
reads as much data as possible without blocking . relies on inputstream . ready method . in case of doubts look at # readavailableblocking
remove a marked payment
set bounds for the right textview including clip padding .
creates a compound package for the given blob .
checks if the grid index ranges ] .
finds all the values in a string .
returns the first index of elt in the array if < len , else - 1 .
appends a string to the list , removing any list if the value .
compares the argument to this certificate . if both have the same bytes they are assumed to be equal .
appending the using sub - clause which follow the join clause .
complete - memory by copying of - 64 - specified by exec
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
convert a zero object to a map of ticks .
this function will take a song entry and update it to the latest week and increase the count for the current week by 1 if necessary
recursively assign node weights .
creates a new instance of searchengine
adds a field to run the query part of a query .
combines two stage of a stage
build the sql statement required for this schema .
and for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is shorter
creates a new stream info object .
returns the sentence at the given index .
determine if the expression is a person word .
output the sql type for a java short .
breaks a string to multiple strings .
write all modified favorites to the data stream .
update the last time delta .
validates the fields of this field should be used during the fields .
create a new empty keystore .
constructs a result object that contains the given values .
invoked when the target of the listener has changed its state .
parses a comma - separated list of a delimited delimited string .
initializes the layout tool .
indicates whether the frame is running .
creates a default mosaic definition .
returns the results of a single node ( without validation node )
set the default certificates using the trustmanager of all certificates hosts .
returns true if the given component is contained in this method .
adds a listener to receive callbacks on this item changes .
the " safe " square root of the input value , handling negative values by simply making them positive and then negating the return value .
runs callable object in specified number of threads .
reads a character buffer .
initializes the persistent database for the given field .
construct a select statement suitable for use in a group of select statements that will be joined through union operators in buildunionquery .
creates a node with the given parameters .
increases the last record
get all the file attributes
concatenates a list of float arrays into a single array .
create a new iterator from the specified position .
recursive method to make the tree . if the parent has a root parent , it will be overwritten .
returns true if this file can read .
writes the contents of the internal buffer to the given array starting at the given offset . assumes the array has space to hold count bytes .
called when item has been removed .
cumulative density function of the standard deviation distribution
sorts an array of strings , returning a new array with the sorted items . the original array is left untouched .
adds a new zoom listener .
clears the instructions of a register that are present in instruction
fire when an annotation has changed .
updates the prediction stats and returns whether prediction is allowed . the policy is : 1 . if the client does not wait more than mdelayms , decline the request . 2 . if the client waits for more than mdelayms but less than 2 * mdelayms , accept the
verifies the received instance .
adds a text character is found .
removes a service uri .
transform string to attribute string according to target form
constructs an escapedwriter around the given writer .
returns true if this cookie has expired .
records the hierarchy of the view
check is a method .
remainder of division of two positive number
returns the builder with the given name and value of this builder .
\ brief distance ( a , b )
check if the backup is marked as a backup file in the filesystem .
converts all characters in the given string to lower case , removes all other char values .
create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes . the number fits in an integer .
builds and returns a opus comment .
waits for a certain type of the given object .
returns the number of terminal currently available .
converts the string array to uppercase .
return an iterator over all edges in this edge ( s ) .
unlocks the lock code of the specified thread .
creates and returns a string formatted so it will fit in a box suitable for a java doc header .
replace a random number to digits . if the number .
adds a new clause .
finds a jpa entity by its primary key .
load workflw and initialize the session attributes .
returns a hash code value for the object .
removes the from tags .
verifies the given secp256k1 signature in native code . calling when enabled = = false is undefined ( probably library not loaded )
recursively delete the webapp directory .
test against the same as the iterator over the iterator ( iterator ) .
leave the finished percentage
generate the host name based on a specific host name .
copies the specified file from the workspace .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
expression is a string expression .
if we have all piechart config then there is no point in reloading it
draw next event time between adjacent intervals .
creates the line structure for the given text . newly created lines are inserted into the line structure starting at the given position . returns the number of newly created lines .
returns the positive square root of the specified value .
counts the number of black / white transitions between two points , using something like bresenham ' s algorithm .
convert a number into a bit string .
encodes an array of bytes into an array of url safe 7 - bit characters . unsafe characters are escaped .
constructs a message digest with the specified content and line number .
waits until the specified condition is matched in the tree .
load the cache if any cache memory .
create a new mapmouselistener
adds a new event to the head of the queue .
stops the timer with the specified name .
returns the summary as string .
create a temporary file or directory if it does not exist .
draws a vertical line and optionally adds a legend into the graph .
select also all items belonging to any connected set of the current selected items .
create a new instance of a range .
removes from the list of nodes any that cannot be parents of x given the background knowledge .
configures the data set from the properties file as a properties object .
open a new connection to the database .
a simple implementation of the addrelations method which presents the general concept of the method . it should not be used in production because of possible race condition - production ready code should perform an atomic operation .
take the undoevent so switch to the switch ports
sleep for the specified time , ignoring any exceptions that occur
verify that the write set contains valid values .
calculate the entropy of a data set . . .
check to see if a string is a valid nmtoken according to [ 7 ] in the xml 1 . 0 recommendation
performs intermediate updates to what the user wishes to do .
parses a double value .
put a string in the buffer .
actions a pull event
add a rtcp event listener
creates a new array of the given size if necessary and copies the data into the new array .
this method detects a code in a " pure " image - - that is , pure monochrome image which contains only an unrotated , unskewed , image of a code , with some white border around it . this is a specialized method that works exceptionally fast in this
an error occurs exception .
connects socket ' fd ' to ' inetaddress ' on ' port ' , with no timeout . the lack of a timeout means this method won ' t throw sockettimeoutexception .
determine if the string - value of a node is whitespace
creates a new panel object .
it opens the file with the given name exists , and if it .
deregisters a spring from this basespringsystem , so it won ' t be iterated anymore . the spring should not be used anymore after doing this .
returns the java language name for a file .
parses an n - triples node , creates an object for it using the supplied valuefactory and returns this node .
resets the psr list .
sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order .
close this popup menu .
frees the object id .
expand the view horizontally to the size of the crosssize ( considering the view margins )
convert a hex string to its address string
track a failure - multiply the back off interval by the multiplier
reads a double ( 64 bit ) from the source stream .
will check if the given expiration .
case sensitive match test .
load properties from a map .
computes the result for a double input value .
enables the panu for a remote nap and checks to make sure that the correct actions were broadcast .
calculate the points for two points used as a unit circle .
creates a new url of the given component parts . the url uses the protocol ' s default port .
return a workflow . method for createmetavolumes .
constructs a command line info object .
import the widget from this theme
this function will install a trust manager that will blindly trust all ssl certificates . the reason this code is being added is to enable developers to do development using self signed ssl certificates on their web server . the standard httpsurlconnection class will throw an exception on self signed
sample the sample count
gets the default user name ' s default user .
test for correct error handling for a mission with no " name " attribute .
checks if this object equals another . < p > the entire state of the object is compared .
releases any resources we may have ( or inherit )
static version of externalpush .
close pending local writer
resolves paths with a leading slash and a path relative to the directory .
javax / crypto / exemptionmechanism # getinstance ( string algorithm , string provider ) checks exception order
reloads default values for this table
removes the supplied message processor .
creates a new instance of x . 509 crl .
add the set to an existing file .
put a byte array as a len encoded bytes in the buffer .
convenience method to return a string array as a single string .
removes all items from the stagingarea .
create icon from db
returns a new luastate containing the additional state
checks the capacity of a memory that is too long .
read a number of bytes from the input stream .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
limit the clip such that it fits within the specified region .
shutdown all thread pools .
convert a collection of host strings to an inetaddress of collection .
removes new line character from a string .
calculate the size of the histogram .
append a character to the end of the given character .
loop through each of the columns in the table
retrieves row count of a table .
creates a new jarmodifier with the given archive to be modified
adds an attribute to this table .
associate the given value with the specified key .
sorts the specified array in ascending numerical order .
checks if the server transaction is a server transaction .
adds a special " marked occurrence " highlight .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
fully read in len ' s bytes of data into buf , or up to eof , whichever occurs first ,
validate the given assumption .
adds a set of requirements to the cart
adds a new item set . the maximum size is the one set
skip from the peek buffer .
a method that creates the workflow method for removing vplex volumes to a consistency group .
displays a list of urls .
convert a mouse conversion event and row
replaces all occurrences of a regular expression with their name .
generate a call identifier . this is useful when we want to generate a call identifier in advance of generating a message .
parse a hour value . depending on patternchar parameter , the hour can be 0 - 23 , 1 - 24 , 0 - 11 , or 1 - 12 . the returned value will always be 0 based .
the user history events
computes the types of a given another types .
this is where magic happens as you know .
returns a collection of all known endpoint to be configured with the current transport .
returns the seconds until password reset lockout .
this will be used to show a list of subscribers
and for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter
return the real number with a cauchy distribution .
read the object from base64 string .
if the document is not already present , this method is removed from the new document .
construct a new matrix that will font program
unlock a distributed system to release a remote peers .
do not use - - for internal use only .
static version of lastindexof .
writes the contents of a byte buffer .
computes the hash normal distribution with a given s description .
max ( biginteger val ) . the first is less .
function used to stop code that calls accepttrainingset . this is needed as clusterer construction is performed inside a separate thread of execution .
called to set the offsetgrabpoint to the current mouse location , and update the offsetgrabpoint with all the other grabpoint locations , so everything can shift smoothly . should also set the offsetgrabpoint to the movingpoint . should be called only once at the beginning of the general movement ,
writes floats from the given float array , starting from the specified offset , to the current position and increases the position by the number of floats written .
the optimized version of sax2dtm . dispatchcharactersevents ( int , contenthandler , boolean ) . < p > directly call the characters method on the passed contenthandler for the string - value of the given node ( see http : / / www . w3 . org / tr /
returns true if the ip addresses , if " bits " bits , otherwise false .
lock a given service name in the accessed service .
check to see if the cookie name has cookie , and if so , returns the appropriate cookie with the user name for the cookie
select the import dialog to select the import from the user import , select on - import .
creates a new menu .
lists the command - line options for this classifier .
encodes the application data into ssl / tls record . if handshake status of the engine differs from not_handshaking the operation can work without consuming of the source data . for more information about tls record fragmentation see tls v 1 specification ( http : / / www . ietf
returns a byte [ ] containing the remainder of ' in ' , closing it when done .
parse the sql statement and locate any placeholders or named parameters . named parameters are substituted for a jdbc placeholder .
writes a long to the specified offset from this native object ' s base address .
handles incoming events from the request . returns true if successful .
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt . hashpw ( ) method
if possible , validate the given key ' s hashcode against any that was returned by the peer .
can be read from a number .
run an init script ( once the given url
parse an integer located between 2 given offsets in a string
prints an object to this output stream and then terminates the line .
check that the argument is a real number .
give the views and its id and direction .
is window auto - selected
returns the relative path relative to the specified directory .
read fields to display
internal method to perform the normalization .
resets the static state of the builder
andnot for two negative numbers ; the first is longer
generate string of n characters from given number of characters
sets the os database manager .
removes an attribute from the list .
delete the cache with the specified key .
check if an exception is unique .
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
inserts a namespace context prefixes .
increments the remove time accumulator .
return a list of numbers of length in the given array .
shows user home following articles page .
interpolated elevation at a given lat / lon - should be more precise than elevationat ( ) , but that depends on the resolution of the data .
factory method for observedobject creation .
delete the children of the element
save initial state of the current child components
returns true if the item is a overlap .
ensures that the value is not null and returns the null . if null is null .
read an arraylist from an inputstream containing xml . the stream can previously have been written by writelistxml ( ) .
adds padding to the beginning of a string with a repeating character if the string ' s length is less than the minimum length
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names
this method should not raise any exceptions .
add buttons for keyboard button .
deletes all unused keys for the cache from the source pool .
create grid field . called from table
constructs a shortinterleavedraster with the given samplemodel and databuffer . the raster ' s upper left corner is origin and it is the same sizes the samplemodel . the databuffer is not initialized and must be a databufferushort compatible with samplemodel . samplemodel must be of type componentsamplemodel or singlepixelpackedsamplemodel
this method will copy the given file to carbon store location
checks whether the ui should be shown in the ui list .
return a double array as a double
adds a listener that is notified about changes in the panel .
read only be used only if only if valid file is read
check if the current operating system is enclosed
calculates the approximate size of a text , depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e . g . inside drawing methods )
perform the default values of the property panel .
returns a string representation of the list , front to back .
write an image , x / y placement with an imageicon .
tests require issue predicate .
monitor changes to the scale slider .
writes content to file .
determine whether the given url points to a resource in the file system , that is , has protocol " file " , " vfsfile " or " vfs " .
updates the status of a given status
converts oid into array of ints .
list all servers in a site
creates the native dialog .
returns true if the specified layer is in the layer .
199 * decode the contents of the inputstream into a buffer . 200
provides a hint to the virtual machine that it would be useful to attempt to perform any outstanding object finalizations .
display the string defined in the string xml file : iconfont_string . xml
checks if the content of this request header is allowed " ) header .
adds the given foreign key constraint to the target list .
called with the activity is first created .
pushes a notification to the listener payload .
appends a json encoded key / value pair to the given string builder .
update the config based on a resource type .
deselects the selected item
checks if the tree is leaf .
adds a listener to the adapter
tests whether this object is equal to the specified object .
parses the given string as a double array .
the test case is intended for copy
calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream .
create a new session wrapper .
utility method to batch a batch . < p / batch - batch requests . < p / >
return the default directory .
removes all the active list .
converts the given string value from a string .
get the next object with the given level .
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer .
formats the json array in json format .
loads a keystore from a file protected by a password .
remove a property change listener
check if a preference preferences is enabled
union the two bits of this set onto the given bitset .
principal this principal to an object .
checks if the storage profile is valid .
reads the server response body in the descriptor .
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot . there must be no directory separator after the dot . the extension check is case - sensitive
creates a new instance of this class .
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
creates a new source database .
decodes a replace operation .
sorts the elements in place
rebuilds the entire class panel .
process the data bytes , which you receive events from the socket
returns a string representation of the target file .
navigates to the next page ( if not already there ) .
the following two methods exist because in , out , and err must be initialized to null .
converts a list of type to a list of types .
the sql commands to delete commands in the batchlist for adding the rules in rulestoadd .
returns true if the given element is directly in the ordered list .
creates a new connection
creates a future that is synchronously completed exceptionally .
override for custom error .
override to check equality with a mask
emits the specified variables to the assignment .
creates a new uri instance of the given unencoded component parts .
take a complete list of possible nodes in the given list , and then return the list of results in case you want to be sorted in the returned list .
reads a single character from the source string and returns it as an integer with the two higher - order bytes set to 0 . returns - 1 if the end of the source string has been reached .
determines if the passed blocksnapshot is supported by the passed blocksnapshot .
list the service descriptor for the descriptor .
removes the " code which " - )
divide : rounding mode is round_half_even , result is negative ; equidistant
computes the beta distribution of the beta function .
verifies the given signature data .
prepares new deployment deployment .
return the number of objects in this sequence .
tests that the a servlets run - as role - name can be extracted .
subtract two negative numbers of different length . the first is longer .
create a multiple - parsed query for the given field .
prints the given message as a string .
currently only group by tags groupbys ' first item always is site , which is a reserved field
invalid xml parser to verify that all invalid xml are valid .
return the full derivation .
returns true if given member is a member of the accessor
a method to date object .
writes the given dom document .
returns the absolute path to the file path of the what the file path exists .
get users and groups from the server to fill in the " share with " list
creates new form numberpanel
returns a list of all http headers .
removes all the project list .
puts a new request in queue as a new thread in pool to be executed
register a new client .
parses the data from the supplied inputstream , using the supplied baseuri to resolve any relative uri references .
parses the date value using the given date formats .
removes a member with the specified name from this object . if this object contains multiple members with the given name , only the last one is removed . if this object does not contain a member with the specified name , the object is not modified .
simple search implementation of valid blocks within the given in a given map
read a line of text from a file into a record
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
helper to generate test files .
renames the given editor panel into the recursive table .
determines whether the provided line number of a single variable - line comment .
override to set up your specific external resource .
convert virtual world coordinates to world coordinates .
copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified target sequence with another sequence . the string is processed from the beginning to the end .
escape special characters with ' % '
draws an image , applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing . the transformation from user space into device space is done with the current transform in the graphics2d . the given transformation is applied to the image before the transform attribute in the graphics2d state
builds the estimated statistics from given to 2 rate
advances the position until after the next newline character . if the line is terminated by " \ r \ n " , the ' \ n ' must be consumed as whitespace by the caller .
creates a new indtestcramert instance for a subset of the variables .
set the reader on the reader .
formats time in milliseconds to hh : mm : ss string format .
add the specified property change listener for the specified property .
creates a new folder with a default folder name .
add a typed array to the config
add sub action to the list of sub - configuration
fill the entry tree with a tree entry .
checks whether any of the elements in the collection contains a given collection .
for keyboard mode , processes key events .
asserts that the actual duration is within 10 % of the given expected time .
log the diff speed . g . b / c / d : # harmonic ( d * m )
called whenever the " void generateseed .
construct a new , empty resource .
retrieves the list of values stored in the util key .
optional hash key from override secret key .
returns the absolute value , returns the specified kind of order .
re - sets up label .
generate an array of random bytes
returns a description of the search as a string
equivalent to the character buffer .
indicates whether this client ' s still available .
put a key / boolean pair in the jsonobject .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
handles a change to the given position
checks if the current log can be reached .
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
get response as byte array
starts fading out all layers .
serialize the peer to serialize list of modified nodes .
add a text change listener
returns an iterator over all profile annotations .
check if the string starts with a space character , false if the string is empty or ends with a non - space character
appends scheme to incoming path
returns the key associated with a given key e .
called whenever the mouse is in the bounds of the requested mouse .
initializes the caching http headers filter .
adds common component to the parser configuration . this method will also add all of the component ' s recognized features and properties to the list of default recognized features and properties .
spins / blocks until node s is matched by a fulfill operation .
load the generalnamestablemodel with general contract .
reads a single byte from the source string and returns it as an integer in the range from 0 to 255 . returns - 1 if the end of the source string has been reached .
a callback to indicate that ' t .
writes the contents string to a file .
builds a tree sorted and integer values assigned to the input to a matrix .
computes the 2d euclidean distance .
create a new cursor with the current naming names .
checks if is enabled .
renders the drag source editor .
creates a transaction transaction that uses the appropriate transaction to the current transaction .
starts this gemfire shell with console .
exports an object . this method produces the bytecode of the proxy class used to access the exported object . a remote applet can load the proxy class and call a method on the exported object .
creates the directory named in the directory exists directory .
read characters into a string .
process the children of the provided query node and children order .
init all messages below the messages list of messages .
creates a database configuration .
writes the given objects into the given stringbuilder .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection according to the supplied eventsetdescriptor
creates a new request configured to publish an open graph action .
hide content and show the progress bar
read a bloom filter .
compute the unlocked number of a number .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
constructs a new sdpexception when the codelet needs to throw an exception and include a message about another exception that interfered with its normal operation .
links node as first element , or returns false if full .
notify the listeners about property change events
check whether a template is read or not .
create a new jvalueslider .
parses the attributes of the attributes based on the attributes .
todo add method documentation
creates a websocket service descriptor .
read the old journal from the input file . in the event of any error , just pretend we didn ' t have a journal , in that case , do a full backup .
starts the selector started
returns true if the server is complete .
encodes the supplied string as an unsigned encoded variable .
writes ints from the given int array , starting from the specified offset , to the current position and increases the position by the number of ints written .
sets a request ' s header / value pair .
update the ui for the ui ui .
generate to source of the class .
submit a task to the executor core .
checks that the bucket name is a bucket name .
validates a new user ' s existing namespace permissions .
format a given object .
calculates the derived statistics ( significance etc ) .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
check if a consistency group can be deleted .
closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
attempts to wait on a message to be delivered to this receiver . the receive call will wait indefinitely for a message to be delivered .
removes the objects in the specified range from the start to the end , but not including the end index .
refills the input buffer .
check if any duplicate name is set , or if any check invalid entity references specified .
stops all instances of the stops .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
release all items currently in the list .
creates a new tla to file links .
delete a receive load name that the track will either service or exclude . see setloadoption
validates an already created by the specified tag .
creates a mojangson string from the given nbt tag .
arguments are value arguments and during parsing .
copies a policy in the given policy tree resource .
creates a new array of doubles with random number of doubles .
moved this code into it ' s own method so moveto could use it when the move is across file systems
recompute the separation of cluster means .
method to pad an image such that it ' s upper left corner .
handles cleaning up for a lost pool entry with the given route . a lost pool entry corresponds to a connection that was garbage collected instead of being properly released .
writes the start element tag to the output stream .
adds the given process listener .
traverse a list of recursively .
replaces the first instance of the search string with the replace string .
puts the value at the given index
instantiates a new animation .
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt . hashpw ( ) method
draws the description text in the bottom right corner of the chart
parses the bytes from a string .
find the full link link l link between two urls .
updates the actions depending on the address space .
take a publisher and prepare to consume it on parallallism number of ' rails ' in a round - robin fashion .
cleans a directory without deleting it .
add a new user
returns the number of measures in the specified object .
deletefunctionalitytest # testdelete6 ( ) . todo foreign key functionality is not supported
this method connects to the channel with the given payload .
change the size of the map ' s size is changed
internal method for inserting the specified row into the buffer .
add the default uri to the list of uris .
drain and removes the sequence provided in queue .
computes the distance from a point p to a line segment ab note : non - robust !
returns a copy of the current instance to achieve immutability
runs the test case .
returns the tip text for the directory server .
read a byte of data . this method will block until some input is available , an i / o error occurs , or the end of the stream is reached .
creates the gui elements of the panel .
returns true if the device contains at least one output field or not .
creates a new correlation coefficient
returns true if the given command line is enabled .
validate if an output file is valid .
adds a response listener
calculate the log likelihood of the current state .
returns true if there are dead states that reach an accept state .
subtracts two money objects
compares this principal to another object
skips the specified line .
create a new request .
converts a given string into a bytebuffer .
return true if a progress
loads characters from the given in the input stream .
entry point for testing .
create a new node using a copy .
adds wheel changing listener
scans a range scan for a possible character .
tobitstring - returns a string representation of d [ ] .
converts the samples to a bit sample
check that a token is valid for the given hostname
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
if the root is all root node to the tree .
generates a set of namespace uris
invokeany ( c ) throws nullpointerexception if c has null elements
computes the scale factor for a set of features of workers
move the group - id .
generates an x - values array filled with numbers in range specified by the parameters . can be used for convenience .
compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare two numbers of different signs . the first is positive .
put the service under the given attribute value for the given defining class and field , if it isn ' t already there . return the hashmap for the given class and field .
creates a new decoder that decodes the specified uri . the decoder will assume that the query string is encoded in utf - 8 .
convert rgb color to cmyk color .
removes a listener from the set of listeners
shows an error message box with a specified error message .
parses a name - value - pair with the given parser .
removes all characters which appear in string bag from string s .
returns the trigonometric cosine of the specified angle in radians .
formats the given number to the given number of decimals , and returns the number as a string , maximum 35 characters .
the final call is currently paused . it is assumed that case of the ui is done in the implementation of the fragment of the fragment good . if it is still executed .
method for beancontextchild interface .
helper function to ascertain the existence of a file and return true / false appropriately
create a windowsfileattributes from a win32_file_attribute_data structure
flatten a map into an xmlserializer . the map can later be read back with readthismapxml ( ) . this method presumes that the start tag and name attribute have already been written and does not write an end tag .
fire javafx event to ignore this sensor instance .
returns true if the full query has a full .
checks if the resource is a module .
write an annotation to the file .
convert an ipv4 address from an inetaddress to a long
determines whether a given revision contains a given template name
retrieves all account downloads from the given start date .
draws a cylinder for the given parameters .
returns a new list with the string list .
tostring , leveldatatostring , and tostring the listener interface .
read on char . like datainputstream . readchar except little endian .
determines how two dates compare up to no more than the specified most significant field .
creates a list of the left word left by removing all words .
does a given url point to google book search , regardless of domain .
returns the path to a file path .
removes a title prefix .
send the message and wait for replies
checks if the given service is a legal transaction .
tests for equality , coping with nulls .
search for the road number by road number
convert class name to jvm classname
p - empirical joint . multi - target friendly .
finds an location for the specified location
closes the underlying reader .
remove oma download info from sharedprefs .
check if the current directory is in the local path .
returns a boolean indicating whether a bundle contains properties that could be a valid saved token .
we call this to guarantee that we fetch a fresh policy from the server . this is to be used if the url is invalid .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection via the named event
returns a vector2 containing the largest value of the given the given vector2 .
invokes the specified parameterless method if it exists .
load a * external file ( name
adds a new button listener to the filter
helper method to map request to false
maps the node to the particular element .
split string into multiple strings .
this method adds entry in the gcirmap
returns a new instance of the specified object .
constructs a new parser for the given format string .
converts an iterator to a string .
checks if the capacity is full .
schedules a loading save task . subsequent calls to this method will be ignored until the save event occurs , thus limiting repetitive saving to a minimum .
this variable needs to be read only read values
notification that the specified action .
returns a description of the classifier .
returns the value is used in the pool .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
send a verbose log message .
save to the index .
compute and return the score for a match with e errors and x location .
if deltay > 0 , move the content down
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one . these mappings replace any mappings that this map had for any of the keys currently in the specified map .
insert a string into the buffer .
obtains the string representation of this object .
write the data to the device .
copy all copy of output .
check if the host count is greater than 0 . if not , it will not be used .
given the point , inverse to - transform .
asserts that the given code closure fails when it is evaluated and that a particular exception is thrown .
writes a raw packet to the desired interface . a l2 header will be added which includes the specified destination address , our source mac , and the specified protocol type . the caller is responsible for computing correct ip - header and payload checksums .
process an attribute string of type t_yesno into a boolean value .
loads the criteria for the specified database .
this method will search list of wo ' s for the given criteria and eligible for mb . criteriamap will have : contractor_id , create_date , tender_no , workorder_no filter : 1 ) isapprovallimitreachedforwo 2 ) ismbcreatedandpendingforwo 3 ) isfinalbillapprovedforwo
creates a new instance , based on the supplied date / time and time zone .
creates a new queue
creates the binary encoding .
schedule a task for the given period .
abbreviate a string by simply truncating it .
local method to stop local test
ensures that the row for the table .
helper method called to empty all shared symbols , but to leave arrays allocated
determine the enemy potential for blitzing a territory - all enemies are combined
returns a new name containing the pieces from this identifier plus the given identifier .
parses a date value from a string .
get a message digest from a leading and ending .
tell if the character is whitespace .
removes the given filter to this request .
removes the specified datasets .
add a property change listener
returns the number of checkpoints that were loaded .
add some item to the bottom and clear list .
add the urls for listening
adds the passed virtualarray uris to the set of virtualarrays assigned to the resource by the user .
is the cell editable
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
internal function to release of connections on the current block .
convenience function to serialize a list of values in a single array .
construct a new graph from the graph .
validate a custom catalog file
creates a new function that is run with the given task size .
check if body of audio players are supported in this method
inserts the given child at the specified index in this list .
restores the same selection in the model .
gets the curent contents of this byte stream as a byte array . the result is independent of this stream .
release a log file
skips the provided event for a particular event .
updates the ui panel with the selected parameters .
compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare zero to zero .
simple function for random sample .
determine the current amount of overscroll . if the value is 0 , there is no overscroll . if the value is < 0 , tabs are overscrolling towards the top or or left . if the value is > 0 , tabs are overscrolling towards the bottom or right
constructs a new vector with the specified capacity .
process the invite request .
closes given logger to given class .
read receive data from window returns ' true ' if successful , ' false ' if an error was detected . if an error is detected , a suitable error message is placed in the notes area
writes the indentation at the specified index .
returns the hash code of this list . the hash code is calculated by taking each element ' s hashcode into account .
parse the string value as a integer .
called from the mouse event point . this method .
determine whether the given node is an invalid .
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
called when a new connection is being filled .
remove a batch clusterer listener
this should only be created by the lock service . this call will not actually refresh the lock .
removes an object from the relation . this is known to be in the relation . this is used for offline caching .
wraps a heap on heap .
parse a json string as a number of formats .
valueof ( long val ) : convert a negative long value to a biginteger . the long value fits in integer .
inserts the specified element before the specified position into the receiver . shifts the element currently at that position ( if any ) and any subsequent elements to the right .
grow the array of entries .
construct a sided plane from a pair of vectors describing points , and including origin , plus a point p which describes the side .
checks the inputstream if it contains gzip compressed data
insert room for operation . this will not set the length value of the operation , but will update the length value for the total expression .
clear the listeners of the object .
registers the specified object in the percentage .
check that expected output contains a expected output string .
removes the classname from the cache .
completedstage returns a completed completionstage
renders the channel configs , lines , labels , and cursor
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
handles the case where a class loader is dropped .
delete ( sw , port ) from the list of list of attachment points and oldaps .
utility method to check if the given type is assignable from a number it )
total bytes of files to be recovered ( potentially not yet done )
constructs and animgameitem instace based on a md5 model an md5 animation
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
deletes the user with the specified id from the db .
format a string from a given object .
cas waitstatus field of a node .
creates the thread dump .
stops audio playback and drains the audio buffer to empty when the audio buffer is mostly empty and the available buffer capacity exceeds the stop threshold
check if any of the given input string matches the given filter .
removes and returns first element , or null if empty .
executes the read status of the specified file .
initialize the document builder factory so that it can be reused and does not need to be reinitialized for each parse action .
returns the standard error of the estimate for the intercept .
create missing values to nodes
converts a path to a filename characters like " / .
launch the latest launch thread .
convert an authorized acl entry .
expands the hidden directory or directory name .
acquires the current buffer with a queue .
update the value , and notify the listeners
returns true if the data has been read has an input .
creates a display string of a parameter list ( without the parentheses ) for the given parameter types and names .
execute this call to the heartbeat .
decrypts a key and its encrypted form .
loads the given private key
removes a listener for changes of registered snapshot categories .
will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently dont handle any extensions !
returns a complete date for the week for the specified number of days .
checks if a string is not in the given array
returns a copy of the given node or subtree with this document as its owner .
libsecp256k1 cleanup - this destroys the secp256k1 context object this should be called at the end of the program for proper cleanup of the context .
initialize the db from login values from fixed - bit values .
creates a list of url from a given shard .
get reader to response body using given character set . < p > this will fall back to using the utf - 8 character set if the given charset is null
convert a color into a byte array form of the given color instance .
adds a vertex to this vertex with the specified vertex .
configures client - side controller .
returns the index starting at the specified index ( two characters at a time ) .
calculate requirements along the minor axis . this method is called by the caller ' s requirements of columns . this method . the requirements of a table .
appends the given string to the end of the string buffer .
pushes a new expression onto the top of the stack .
return the printable string .
create a new data column for the given column name .
computes the load of a number of objects .
forward project a lat / lon poly . this is a complex method . please read the in - code documentation for an explanation of the algorithm .
remove categories that contain a year in them ( starting with 19__ or 20__ ) , except for this year and previous year rationale : https : / / github . com / commons - app / apps - android - commons / issues / 47
creates a new data provider .
check to make sure that the list of the list .
set the indent of a command to be applied after the command line .
attempt to build a string in a number as a string .
fill picks . column_id from c_order
creates a copy of the field .
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero length . the sign is 1 .
cast object to type t .
schedules a file to be deleted when jvm exits . if file is directory delete it and all sub - directories .
initialize and do work where other steps need to wait for . . .
prints an annotation to the specified annotation .
add a point to the graph .
obtain a configuration instance by loading the properties from the supplied reader .
adds a new item to the container .
adds the given annotation to the group .
reads a boolean ( 16 bit ) from the source stream .
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names
initializes the format for the dataset produced . must be called before the generateexample or generateexamples methods are used . re - initializes the random number generator with the given seed .
returns natural logarithm of gamma function .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
starts the immediately needed for a given delay .
returns the instance of a cipher .
creates a pending action with the specified arguments .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
shows the markers displayed to the given )
resolve the new ( presumably constructed ) that the reference object )
similar to the lowest size in the list . the specified size by the same as the list . in case the size .
verifies the passed logrecord to check for tampering .
copies a copy of the system clipboard to the specified clipboard .
format the percent encoding .
translate attributes that describe an attribute matching rule definition into the string description as defined in rfc 2252 .
updates the actions in each text just before showing the popup menu .
makes the immutable collection of the elements in the collection , in arbitrary order they are returned .
track a hex - compressed images to the list of images .
parse string to text
this is this a node ?
copies all data contained in test data . ( and against , and optional data on the classpath .
fetches the edge of this edge , starting at the current position .
returns a ( possibly empty ) collection view of the crls read from the given input stream instream . the instream may contain a sequence of der - encoded crls , or a pkcs # 7 crl set . this is a pkcs # 7 signeddata object , with the
deletes the extended entity configuration under the realm .
returns singleton instance of datasourcewindowmanager .
add a string to the graph
returns xml representation of the underlying writer
id to create an id .
computes the document is called by downloaded the input .
read from monitored file , report any changed values to the supplied handler . not thread - safe , only call from a single thread .
closes this reader . this implementation closes the buffered source reader and releases the buffer . nothing is done if this reader has already been closed .
compare the remaining shorts of this buffer to another character buffer ' s remaining shorts .
creates a new instance of accessibility
average aggregate function which will add all the aggregate values and it will increment the total count every time , for average value
extract policy notification from policy
force buffered operations to the filesystem .
method to find an object in the class in - array of bytes .
decodes a field name from xml notation ( e . g . my - field - name ) to a valid java field name ( e . g . myfieldname )
checks whether the password is set .
adds a content items .
converts a class name into a fully qualified class name .
pause a while , and close all threads .
return whether or not the graph is highlight .
prepares and uploads a job for the specified set of job and analysis . for the job , and then the shared .
removes wheel changing listener
a utility method to filter . matrix .
generate fields based on class name
check if this url safe ?
initializes the factory that creates the factory class factory .
removes each substring of the source string that matches the given regular expression using the dotall option .
re - scroll scroll between scroll position and apply offset is treated as final and end of the scroll .
retrieves tracks matching the query from database .
releases any pending requests .
returns the number of elements in this deque .
adds the specified integer to this map .
closes the input stream .
the text compaction mode includes all the printable ascii characters ( i . e . values from 32 to 126 ) and three ascii control characters : ht or tab ( ascii value 9 ) , lf or line feed ( ascii value 10 ) , and cr or carriage
create a new file / image / media attachment for a chat channel .
adds an parameter to the list of params to this node .
constructs a createevent from the json serialized representation .
check if the full copy is full .
read utf16 strings from the specified string .
utility method to compare bytebuffer as it will be used for testing whether it .
resets the index local buffer .
creates a default response .
check the external storage and notify user on error .
returns either the plural or singular form of the given noun , depending on the quantity ; also prefixes the quantity . in case the quantity is exactly 1 , the specified prefix is used . note : there is some additional magic to convert " a " and "
verify all the signatures of the xml document
adds a video to the adapter and notify the change .
determines if the specified coordinate is in the target touch zone for a horizontal bar handle .
reads the transport data .
makes sure the nal has a header or not .
method that needs to be called , if the main hash structure is ( may be ) shared . this happens every time something is added , even if addition is to the collision list ( since collision list index comes from lowest 8 bits of the primary hash entry
adds fieldset entry , equivalent of : | tab_name | fieldset # itemtype | multifieldlabel # itemlabel | value |
returns the number of members ( name / value pairs ) in this object .
generate array of n d - dimensional points whose coordinates are values in the range 0 . . scale
parse parameters from the specified by parameters .
adds a new http session token to the current site .
deserializes a probability from the distribution provided in the distribution provided .
converts screen space x - coordinates into pixel values .
sends a pre - existing byte array to the remote device .
push a new context onto the top of the stack .
tries to be called when an ad .
load the specified file from a zip file
normalizes the cumulative array of the real numbers .
adds a location to the table .
creates a new formatter based on the current line .
encodes a string into its quoted - printable form using the specified charset . unsafe characters are escaped .
check if any path required time has passed to closed state .
warning : assumes strictly bifurcating tree .
is it an input name
converts the given hex - color - string to rgb .
add a property change listener to this bean
this test initially was not supported
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
subtract a number from zero . the number is negative .
restore the state of the specified file .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
blocks until data is ready to be run .
fill an array with the values of a 74 - db 4 - sample blackman - harris window function
some key wrap algorithms make use of the key checksum defined in cms [ cms - algorithms ] . this is used to provide an integrity check value for the key being wrapped . the algorithm is - compute the 20 octet sha - 1 hash on the key being
returns a hash code value for this object .
increments received and increment the count of received .
build a sentence from the text .
sets the data directory for the data directory .
ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
called to notify that a consumption has finished .
checks rule part with tag " specialposition " ; there is only the " type " attribute right now : checks if specialposition value of a token is the same as the value of the type attribute in the rule ; values : endofvorfeld , endofpar ( end of paragraph
return nulls for empty strings , as the entity engine can deal with nulls . this will provide blanks in fields where bigdecimal display . blank meaning null , vs . 0 which means 0
registers a new ( specified ) loader
when request permissions on devices before android m ( android 6 . 0 , api level 23 ) do the granted or denied work directly according to the permission status
deletes sub groupcontainers in this group container .
creates a new task .
initialize the database entry .
returns true if we can open a file .
send next available byte
serializes the argument into a base64 string .
a service wrapper for the createimagemethod method . forces permissions to be checked .
add new profiles to the existing list of profiles
check if the name is a valid java identifier . spaces are not allowed fore or aft .
returns true if x1 is less than x2 , when both values are treated as unsigned .
moves the given source node to the given point in the display .
create a list from passed objx parameters
adds a macro record to this macro .
creates and starts the full port .
add more qiscus user email to the chat room . for group chat .
returns the best hash provider supporting at least two parameters .
read a fixed size of bytes from the input .
using sorting . if we use merge sort or heap sort then ( - ) ( nlogn ) in worst case . if we use quick sort then o ( n ^ 2 ) in worst case .
loads the entry at the specified index .
calculates the sample likelihood and bic score for i given its parents in a simple sem model
removes item from the adapter .
creates a types from a list of types to target types .
clears all existing values from the distribution
add operation results to the array to be returned .
generates the in - memory tree .
add a switch port to maintenance queue .
links node as first element , or returns false if full .
the number of major faults that the process ' s waited - for children have made .
copies all the delegation privileges of a specific realm to a directory .
checks if two types match .
returns true if this direction ?
tells the builder that a character range is invalid .
creates the change vpool attributes for rp ( s ) .
checks if the given script is enabled .
compares this finite field for equality with the specified object .
returns the name of this element type .
closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
check data string is md5 .
returns true if all the xml file specification can be found in a directory or file .
create a tree for deciding what keys can legally be typed .
inserts the string representation of an object into this builder . inserting null will use the stored null text value .
handles a mouse pressed event by recording the initial mouse pointer location .
returns the number of elements in this deque .
read the video file system
determines if the storage system
computes the location on a rhumb path ( line of constant azimuth ) starting at the given location , azimuth angle with the given azimuth and angular distance .
returns the first index of elt in the array , else - 1 .
returns the maximum dimensions needed to layout the components contained in the specified target container .
read stream from input stream
update the moving average with a new value .
log the expiration entry .
removes the recipient at the specified index .
write string to buffer .
called when the user presses
consume a single records from the collection .
method to test equality .
compare two version strings of the database .
tests if vector is valid , invalid vector are valid vector .
determine if the expression is some food .
set the id to a kenlm speed
removes the child from the target , if it was present .
notify this class has been instantiated .
generates a pop2 instruction .
indicates if the mime type belongs to the application xml family .
creates a native page for the given url .
checks if a syntax
cleans up the gui panel gui .
creates a stream according to the input .
get a single byte .
convert a field type to a java field .
adds an element after the current token .
this is a generic service for traversing a content tree , typical of a blog response tree . it calls the contentworker . traverse method .
array points to array .
load the given inputstream
collapses all of the lines that are contained in the building
this method performs an asynchronous thrift call to detach one or more disks from a vm . on completion , the specified handler is invoked .
read an error message .
shows the pie text and set allocated resources .
this method will be used to persist a change in the event .
adds a new action to the group .
creates a new array list and fills it with the elements of a given array .
it ' s stats need to use for stats which need to be a ping times out
encode into canonical form .
close the database instance
stop client and check to stop .
make the run enters at the specified
removes a custom sashform listener . this listener will be removed when this control is disposed .
writes a string to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
delete a value stored in the project ' s datastore .
produces a string representation of the date in sql format
closes the circular buffer .
parses a string as a int .
writes the entire resultset to a csv file . the caller is responsible for closing the resultset .
test for a special case
verify that the given device exactly matches the given fields . e . g . , if ip is not null we expect the device to have exactly one ip address . swid and port are the attachment point port . vlan and ip are optional all other fields must
adds a multi window .
remember to a list of segment moves
returns whether the native font is a native font for the current platform .
registers a machine which is used to singleton .
creates a new map with the specified initial capacity and load factor . this map will hold initialcapacity * loadfactor items before growing the backing table .
create a sequence containing one object
populates the data blob using the gds .
sign extend 16 bit - bit integer
adds a near key .
analyzes any class fields that should be found in the class hierarchy .
is the given log level currently enabled ?
loads a new debugger of a database .
delete a directory without deleting it
runs the test case .
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
finds the name of the first table , which is editable .
store the all of the operation file in the default place , including creating a backup if needed
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
checks if there are any difference in the collection .
handles the video point .
fire a property change from this object
checks that a the given substring is a valid type descriptor .
sort the field array using a quicksort
draw the background of the hex panel .
adds the given attribute to the list of unique element .
this method validates a createvmresponse object , raising an exception if the response reflects an operation failure .
runs the test case .
limits the maximum scale and x translation of the given matrix
factory method for creating a new factory instance .
constructs a new accesstoken backed with the data in the specified jsonvalue .
add a style for the given style id .
extract the client name from an ip address .
creates a future that is synchronously completed .
checks if a site action is to be performed by the user .
refreshes the markers displayed in this error strip .
adds view to specified cache . creates a cache list if it is null .
reads all bytes from an input stream into a byte array . does not close the stream .
plays the media player .
returns a string representation of the decoded outline .
encodes byte cache for client cache .
adds the specified data source in order to display it .
adds a value to the density estimator .
builds a checkbox row .
formats and returns a string formatted as a date .
indicates if a group is a child group , a non - top - level data group in a set of nested data groups ( e . g . , the node or edge table of a graph or tree ) .
checks if the item in the item is out of bounds .
returns null if there are no accurate between the refs
called when a config change has changed
launch an email intent if the device is capable .
counts the number of objects in this set .
insert a item associated with the specified position of adapter
adds a translator , which is called whenever a class is loaded .
indicates that the main content has scrolled ( for the purposes of showing / hiding the action bar for the " action bar auto hide " effect ) . currenty and deltay may be exact ( if the underlying view supports it ) or may be approximate indications : deltay
writes a number of type char in little endian
reads and returns the next line , excluding the line separator if present .
if the main text matches the regex
grid to the specified file .
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list . if addfooterview is called more than once , the views will appear in the order they were added . views added using this call can take focus if they want . < p > note : call
add a close callback hook
executes task r in the caller ' s thread , unless the executor has been shut down , in which case the task is discarded .
updates the range on both axes .
computes the upc / ean checksum on a string of digits , and reports whether the checksum is correct or not .
read config value from a file .
adds a player which is being used when the game .
returns all the text at the given url .
creates a trace event to a trace from a trace collection .
a new method that interrupts the worker thread . call this method to force the worker to stop what it ' s doing .
registers default device types supported by default
to remove a set of locations from the original formula
draws the chart tick lines .
calculate matrix for fit_center
returns an insertion policy that indicates the tuple is to be inserted into the partition .
test de busqueda open ldap con atributos
create a positive number from a string value and radix 8 .
this is heart of the code that determines if a given character is in the given encoding . this method is probably expensive , and the answer should be cached . < p > this method is not a public api , and should only be used internally within the
deletes the entries from the directory
removes all highlights added to the text area by this listener .
this adds a blocking representation to the queue .
adds common component to the parser configuration . this method will also add all of the component ' s recognized features and properties to the list of default recognized features and properties .
add a new role to this user
creates a new panel object .
creates a new instance from the default time zone .
sent the sent message sent to the remote peer .
append the contents of another faststringbuffer onto this faststringbuffer , growing the storage if necessary . < p > note that after calling append ( ) , previously obtained references to m_array [ ] may no longer be valid .
create snapshot index statements for the data store .
read this debugging object .
create a reply to a forum post . you must set the parent id for the post replying to .
returns true if this relation is initializing to be processed .
returns a clone for a valid html name .
data from matlab . provided as the indices , linear arrays of values , and dimensions . the indices are expected to be sorted in increasing value and the real and imaginary values are to correspond to these values .
get the tuple with the maximum data field value .
updates the enabled status of the active radio buttons .
makes a human readable hexadecimal string to an identifier .
reset the stats document to its default state .
convert the optional converter conversion .
remove the item at the given index and optionally forces menu views to update .
shiftright ( int n ) , 0 < n < 32
show the filter dialog
returns the number of decimal points in the given population .
add newly generated keys of a given key type to an existing keystore . the privatekey will be stored under the specified private alias name . the x509certificate will be stored on the public alias name and have the given subject distinguished name . if a ca is provided ,
called by says to pdf is calculated
create a directory to be used in - memory directory
returns a vector2 containing the smallest x and y values .
adds a test method call to the test set of arguments .
serialize the given xml to xml file .
verifies the blockmirror object to volume and correctly .
create a new log formatter .
remove a text listener
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
creates a soft entity descriptor
clears the buffer , returning all allocations to the allocator .
applies camera matrix to each page
calculates the smallest power of a result set .
adds a new uid to the existing policyentry to be added automatically .
creates a new temporary file with the given prefix , and suffix appended .
splits the types in a list of type t to type t suitable type .
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
loads the file into a byte array .
sub - classes to signal has been changed .
resolve current folder to the specified directory
overridden so that the tool tip text can be used for the gui .
decode an array of encoded items
call this when you want to know the new location . if it returns true , the animation is not yet finished . loc will be altered to provide the new location .
send a resource represented by the given resource
the number of major faults that the process ' s waited - for children have made .
generates a device - and invocation - specific seed to be mixed into the linux prng .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
render the string representation of this uri .
stops the sample fetching thread .
reverses the order of the polygon points within the given list . < p > this method performs a simple list reverse .
creates a new dsigncsr dialog for a spkac formatted csr .
a simple mechanism to initialize factory with dynamic binding . extended to default to syslognotifcationfactory in the event a dynamic binding is not specified via system properties . this allows init ( ) to be called multiple times for the unit tests and select the default or a another factory
awaits completion or aborts on interrupt or timeout .
links node as first element , or returns false if full .
clamp a value to be within the provided range .
extract the volume name and return the host name .
format time for reporting time .
returns a new array containing all elements contained in this vector .
left justify a string .
appends all of the elements in the specified collection to the end of this vector , in the order that they are returned by the specified collection ' s iterator . the behavior of this operation is undefined if the specified collection is modified while the operation is in progress
update the stored state of the object
converts a string into its java - style utf - 8 form . java - style utf - 8 differs from normal utf - 8 in the handling of character ' \ 0 ' and surrogate pairs .
convert a map of map keys to a key pair
checks the given label can be added / removed to / from a vertex .
adds the specified message observer to this list .
create a dialog with the specified .
converts a byte to a hexadecimal buffer .
removes the element at the specified position in this list . shifts any subsequent elements to the left ( subtracts one from their indices ) . returns the element that was removed from the vector .
returns a random vector of doubles .
read new dictionary file
called by the native code or other classes to signal a warning . the code is used to lookup a localized message to be used when sending warnings to listeners .
checks if an sub - directory .
compute and return the source text ( all equalities and deletions ) .
checks if this id is currently stored .
counts the size of a directory recursively ( sum of the length of all files ) .
check if the low bit set contains an low bit set bit
constructs a new age file filter for files on any one side of a certain cutoff date .
calculate the optimum major tick . override to change default behaviour
test if there more records available
put a key / value pair into the request .
queue the priority queue of messages .
this method tests if the two nodes are in the same order .
converts the given input stream to html .
write a classfile data structure to a file .
returns a path for the great circle of coordinates .
creates a new connection with the default port .
returns a vector of vectors that contains the same objects as the array .
notify listeners that a version has been registered version .
accept the drop drop .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
returns the capabilities if it exists in front of the capabilities .
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
split a tree into an array of strings .
this method gets a date path from a date / time string .
has the user chosen to import from a pkcs # 12 file ?
determine the conversion ast to determine the class tree .
returns true if the engine has a valid engine for this engine
asserts that two floats are equal concerning a delta . if they are not an assertionfailederror is thrown with the given message . if the expected value is infinity then the delta value is ignored .
calculates the value of b across the set .
scan forward data into destination string .
loads the properties from the properties file .
replace all occurrences of the pattern . the replacement object ' s replace ( ) method is called on each match , and it provides a replacement , which is placed literally ( i . e . , without interpreting $ 1 , $ 2 etc . )
lists all the entries in service data .
returns a stream ( iterator )
moves the specified container to location .
reads object from data input .
creates an item label generator using default number formatters .
creates a unit length vector in the given direction .
use openoffice to convert documents between types
returns an adjusted log10 value for graphing purposes . the first adjustment is that negative values are changed to positive during the calculations , and then the answer is negated at the end . the second is that , for values less than 10 , an increasingly large ( 0
clears all the data from this table
is last invoice costing method
set the ' http . proxyport ' & ' https . proxyport ' properties to the given port number . < p > this setting will apply to all requests .
if the passed cluster name is the cluster name and cluster name .
helper http function to get list of my service cards .
creates a new dialog where the parent is a dialog .
samples migration events on a two - coloured branch , conditional on colours at both ends migration process is forwards in ( natural ) time , so we are going down the tree . returns a list of events , ordered forward in time ( i . e . colour
checks whether an attribute is of the given object
decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end are considered optional , but if any are present , there must be the correct number of them .
set selection listener value
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list .
transfers node , if necessary , to sync queue after a cancelled wait . returns true if thread was cancelled before being signalled .
shares intent to share intent
creates and returns an updater for objects with the given field . the class argument is needed to check that reflective types and generic types match .
tries to find a span .
internal conversion . this is needed to support the current springboot actuator auditeventrepository interface
operation : [ < rn > , + / - < rm > , lsl # < shift_imm > ] case shift of 0b00 / lsl / index = rm logical_shift_left shift_imm if u = = 1 then address = rn + index else / u = = 0 /
build a column specification that will query only from its state and db ) . in the number of columns .
returns the first layer , where both this item and p_other have a shape . returns - 1 , if such a layer does not exisr .
removes the items from the stack
save to the index .
add item in the last index
methods for starting asynchronous execution .
expands the repository if the given location already exists , if it is visible .
advance to the next token .
saves the provisioning period in the database .
write the extension to the deroutputstream .
discover volumes with a given initiators .
create a cluster to be created cluster .
returns the value of the specified type .
runs the test case .
write string in text format without checking buffer size .
adds a record to the buffer .
calculates a hash of the digest based on the contents of the header .
add a new this resource should be added
checks for equality of two objects .
convert an ofinstructionwriteactions to string form . the string will be formatted in a dpctl / ofctl - style syntax .
hook to add initial map .
encodes a byte array into base 64 format and breaks the output into lines .
reads a resource offering .
rllong protected helper method to read 64 bits and changing the order of each bytes .
shiftright ( int n ) , n > 32
resolve the class - up callback .
builds the response from the post text .
asserts that we have a label with the given text baring the given path
/ / fixme : graphic !
initializes the stream tokenizer .
we have an ofmessage we didn ' t expect given the current state and we want to treat this as an error . we currently throw an exception that will terminate the connection however , we could be more forgiving
run the thread pool of threads
reads next byte offset .
lock api for locking of the file channel of the lock file .
open the datagram connection
returns a string describing classifier
executes the script outputs .
disables logging condition for a specific feature
removes a listener for zwave events to this controller .
return the approximate time in milliseconds since the epoch , or a mocked out equivalent .
adds the given items to the end of the array .
quote a java keyword with a given name , if it is not a java keyword
static helper method for populating attributes from a database cursor .
ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance , but not involving any parameters to the calling method .
adds the drop table names to the designated table .
true iff there is a granted group .
( since linux 2 . 6 . 24 ) guest time of the process ' s children , measured in clock ticks ( divide by sysconf ( _sc_clk_tck ) ) .
find or create a class that can be created .
method to reset the notes error after error display
set ticks based on a psptime struct .
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
populates the navigation drawer with the appropriate items .
computes the exact division of a biginteger . < p .
runs the test case .
returns the next token from the character stream of this token with a given character .
converts to object array .
record audit log for config service
compute the mean of all elements in the array . no missing values ( nan ) are allowed .
constructs the redis weight
selects media type and media types in the media list .
paint the border box .
ensure the internal array ' s capacity .
marks and exits any temporary resources associated with this buffer .
add a directory to the class files .
check if mineshafter is present . if it is , we need to bypass it to send post requests
tests this renderer for equality with an arbitrary object .
answers whether a given node ' child ' is of given node
change item index to the given index .
returns the number of java classes in the filter .
prints a string to the stream , encoded as utf - 8
checks the current user ' s permissions against the given object which may represent a single or multiple namespaces . allowed types are string or collection of string .
display the string defined in the string xml file : iconfont_string . xml
creates an intent to take the user to dialer , or any other app capable of making phone calls . use the first phone number available . if no phone number is found , or if the device is not capable of making phone calls ( i . e .
generate parameters for the method parameters .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap , removing prior exif tags .
remove an attribute from the list .
parses the given field signature , getting string and returns it .
paints the preview at the specified position .
opens the camera and starts sending preview frames to the underlying detector . the preview frames are not displayed .
removes all the existing values from the series .
splits a bunch of double values into a single list
update ui of this and parent windows
clear all the results
find a visible widgets
print single - quoted ion symbol type
makes a shoppingcartitem and adds it to the cart . note : this method will get the product entity and check to make sure it can be purchased .
returns a string representation for the distribution
updates the border text of the component .
adds a list of classes with the specified class for the given field name .
resets the references for streaming .
mpi encoded numbers are produced by the openssl bn_bn2mpi function . they consist of a 4 byte big endian length field , followed by the stated number of bytes representing the number in big endian format ( with a sign bit ) .
assigns a service for cassandra realm .
given a vector of nodes , sort each node according to the criteria in the keys .
parses , validates and computes normalized version of gmonthday object
add messages to the queue .
converts the given query string into an integer index .
write a short . like dataoutputstream . writechar . note the parm is an int even though this as a writechar
prints a long followed by a newline .
construct a new service metadata object .
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height , and with new zeroed data arrays .
handles the case of an entity .
check block order . - block end block does .
parse a command back into a command line . if the parser is parsed from the current parser into a command .
initializes the log system properties to the url .
true if this record is suppressed by the answers in a message .
creates a properties object containing the properties parsed by the specified map .
selects the first select node that matches the query .
returns a string [ ] of strings from a properties object .
generate an arc rectangle .
compare the content of two locale , based on the locale and the amount of the same language .
read a result set of columns .
add distinct entry to list
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
closes the current transaction .
creates a new panel object .
double the capacity of this deque . call only when full , i . e . , when head and tail have wrapped around to become equal .
creates the new folder in this directory open .
computes full path from base url
loads manifest manifest from manifest .
convert the types of type conversion types .
adds a new column at the given position .
readdata - - input the modbus message from din . if there was a header , such as for modbus / tcp , it will have been read already .
removes display display display from the display list .
generate next component of getlettercodeiterator
fire an event to all listeners .
contact a contact is a contact .
create a new httpclient with reasonable defaults ( which you can update ) .
adds entry to future .
set the vertex for edge .
tests whether some other tests can be viewed correctly
delete log file or directory .
removes existing values from the series .
adds a group member .
creates a new logger object .
increment the value of a bin .
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method .
put all the data in the specified map to be written .
checks if a list of string contains a string while ignoring case
compute the minimum ^ 2 two arrays .
perform the actual plugin configuration for the given plugin .
gets the session stop running
set the ' http . keepalive ' property to the given value . < p > this setting will apply to all requests .
creates a new request configured to upload a video to the user ' s default video album . the video will be read from the specified file .
unwrap a proto message from a checkedmessage , verifying the checksum .
create a listening socket to create socket
copies user includes the parent of parent node to be retrieved from the parent to be the root to the number of the parent nodes list includes the parameter values must not be retrieved .
checks if the meta data is already selected metadata .
validates the given ipv4 address .
creates stream for decoding .
returns a member for the specified type with the given name and type arguments .
109 * encode the suffix that ends every output line . by default 110 this method just prints a < newline > into the output stream . 111
true if system font is system
adds resources to the db is loaded
put all values in the specified document into this document .
creates a new kb instance .
create a new block view from a byte buffer .
creates a new datastore entity .
computes the method which scans enum counts are live declared by inheritance order .
return the host uri , as a string .
earlier implementations of android ' s hostname verifier required that wildcard names wouldn ' t match " * . com " or similar . this was a nonstandard check that we ' ve since dropped . it is the ca ' s responsibility to not hand out certificates that match
test if the target directory in the target directory exists or not
moves this cursor forward until it points to a character different from any of the character in the specified cursor . for example : [ code ] / / reads numbers separated by tabulations or spaces . fasttable < integer > numbers = new fasttable < integer > ( )
generate an integer for the given dataset .
removes from this list all of its elements that are contained in the specified collection . this is a particularly expensive operation in this class because of the need for an internal temporary array .
cas tail field . used only by enq .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
returns a new phone object with the specified value .
return a named resourcebundle for a particular locale . this method mimics the behavior of resourcebundle . getbundle ( ) .
choose pools based on remote vpool ' s matched or assigned pools
returns html markup string to html tags to html .
add a new pending lock to the manager . throws an exception if the lock would overlap an existing lock . once the lock is acquired it remains in this set as an acquired lock .
evaluates the uf7 problem .
notify all listeners about cacheperiod property changed . if passed newvalue is null , the oldvalue is taken as new value . this is the case when the reloadcache is invoked .
convert a move object to uci string format .
creates a new hidden - acceleration image of the given width and height that is associated with the target component .
debugging function to display internal state .
writes given string to given writer . assumes that the given string in the writer fails to the file if necessary .
ensure the internal array ' s capacity .
expert : increments the refcount of this indexreader .
converts a principal to an x509 duration
run a statement with a triple - does not in a graph .
indicates if this type is a querying .
build the list of words and set of this preference .
evaluate a number of how many times of a sequence of parse stack ) . the sorting of the solution ) , return the solution .
adds all the provided xy series to the list .
exists with optional error message , usage show and exit code .
compares this term key to another term key .
merges this set with this bounding box .
generates an auto - generated jar element from the class name .
this method flushes any pending events , which can be startdocument ( ) closing the opening tag of an element , or closing an open cdata section .
handles an event to begin and socket
initializes all views for this view
create an extendedtype object from node type , namespace and local name . the hash code is calculated from the node type , namespace and local name .
validate some assumptions about the new locpathiterator and it ' s owner and the state of the list .
start the task locally .
initializes the weights for the given set of weights .
undoes the last action .
removes the given column from this table
creates a string containing a list of values .
returns whether or not the current sample is available locally .
scan a chunk from the view
returns the hash code for this template .
normalizes the current segments like a programmatically change .
creates a new drawer instance .
checks if user has reached user partitions .
inserts a string representation of the input value .
reads the next unicode code point .
put an int value in the specified byte array starting at offset .
create an item with a label and a specified label .
tag to the tag .
consumes a part of this status .
check igfs configuration if remote exception is ready .
adds a single join node to the cluster .
splits the string into a file array
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
retrieves and removes the head of this queue , waiting if necessary until an element with an expired delay is available on this queue , or the specified wait time expires .
add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
returns the number of sentences in the list .
adds an item to the menu . the other add methods funnel to the .
writes out a sequence " in wsp format to the given output stream .
removes and returns first element , or null if empty .
add two numbers of different length and sign . the first is positive . the first is longer .
add a header to the http request
method to store the configuration .
adds a new type ' s values to the given type and argument .
sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order .
returns a string representation of the vector .
return the last element in the list
prints a number of milliseconds the specified time .
searches for the first occurence of the given argument , beginning the search at index , and testing for equality using the equals method .
learn whether a given set of modifiers implies package access .
writes the gathered data tab - separated into a text file .
create a new window with the given window id .
write bytes from the specified byte array to the stream .
send a log message if logging is enabled .
send update notifications to listeners
called when a client ' s backbuffer when it is completed .
returns a string [ ] representing the target file path elements .
inserts the given properties into the template and returns the result .
scale the original font of a component by a given factor and change the style
draws an image , lat / lon placement with a color
save a certificate to make a file . this version of this method . this is a hook for platform - use .
clears the list of central listeners that are called when the central item changes .
invokes the specified parameterless method if it exists .
returns if the chart should be filled below the line .
if we receive any result , we can delete the temp retry info file
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
check whether packet is present .
called by the native code and return the supplied parameters .
helper method to determine if the version number of the device version number passed to determine if it . < p .
clear the given view map .
load the replication group ' s tables into the given map .
reads next variable length block from input .
add a new subscription to the session .
creates an instance of x . 509 certpath over the specified list of certificates .
reads an process setup from the given xml string .
creates a new instance of fonthints
builds a qualifier needed for a qualifier . < p > this method takes into account for a qualifier .
shorten a name for a ' middle snake ' prefix . longer , if the name is less than just replaced by name .
blends the old color value for a given color with the angle between two colors .
the current eip ( instruction pointer ) .
creates the ui and optionally includes the system properties .
converts a given image into a bufferedimage
reads a sequence of values and the trailing closing brace ' ] ' of an array . the opening brace ' [ ' should have already been read . note that " [ ] " yields an empty array , but " [ , ] " returns a two -
hex string to byte array
returns the list of all available terminal nodes with the given return type .
remove the specified sensor selection listener .
writes a single character .
create a class loader , explicitly specifying the source dex and the location for the optimized dex .
records that the grid cache manager has been created .
makes a java . sql . time from separate ints for hour , minute , and second .
initialize the log store .
this function is called via reflection from the native layer to the provided .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap , removing prior exif tags .
clean stacking markers . < br > same logic as the file but just returning string w / o
discards the discarded event .
checks if the current state is final .
generate a scale that allows to a scale sample names .
used to write a single block .
returns a hash code value for this object .
compares this map with another .
the view of an empty .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image , removing prior exif tags .
close the database from connection
create an exception with a method that starts the given method .
zlib compress 2 byte
load a file extension based on the given mime type .
report the start of dtd declarations , if any . any declarations are assumed to be in the internal subset unless otherwise indicated .
convert the timestamp in the format used by the server restarts .
encodes a byte array as a base 64 encoded string .
prints a double followed by a newline .
returns a string representation of this network .
returns true if the given host name is contained in the list .
db the database to the db configuration .
create a hash code value for this object endpoint .
calculate matrix for fit_center
returns a new instance of this fragment for the given section number .
import destination . ( all
constructs a result file reader for reading the approximation sets from the specified result file .
called when an attacker misses the socket .
checks if the given identifier should be excluded .
determine if a request to solr failed due to a communication error , which is generally retry - able .
returns " true " as this is a reliable transport .
pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
get the max value plus one for a byte
method for beancontextchild interface . uses the beancontextchildsupport to fire a property change . you don ' t need this function for objects that extend java . awt . component .
encodes a string value that is not ' , and not escaped .
create and persist database entities required for the storage policy .
create a page to represent a single page .
adds a key / value pair to a map
save boot prop ( if they were already created ) .
append a line to the file , with the given destination
write timestamp in binary format .
encodes the strings and returns the number of characters in the two encoded strings that are the same . this return value ranges from 0 through 4 : 0 indicates little or no similarity , and 4 indicates strong similarity or identical values .
returns the json representation of the text .
delete the file . if the file does not exist , it will be deleted .
return a path for an arrow pointing to the given location .
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
starts a new socket channel group .
this method is a click bean . this method is called when the user chooses to stop a bean .
tracks a new handler so that it can be removed in bulk .
actionlistener interface method for action events .
adds a new entry to the collection .
ensures that the size of the buffer is initialized .
construct a transaction using the specified number of bits .
print every value on a separate line . use the given number of spaces for indentation .
render the given handler to the given ui element . < p > .
constructs the redis metrics name for the generated scope .
in the case we are using the java select ( ) method , this method is used to trash the buggy selector and create a new one , registering all the sockets on it .
multiply two positive numbers of different length . the second is longer .
if the error message is a request .
select one row from the raw sql select table .
current time from some arbitrary time base in the past , counting in nanoseconds , and not affected by settimeofday or similar system clock changes . this is appropriate to use when computing how much longer to wait for an interval to expire .
java . text . format # clone ( ) test of method java . text . format # clone ( ) . compare of internal variables of cloned objects .
send a request to the server and generate a future for the eventual reply . note that this call can block if there is no active connection while a new connection is re - established or if the maximum number of requests is already pending
check if string is empty
cas waitstatus field of a node .
enables the dependency of the given capability . enabling binary_attributes , unary_attributes and empty_nominal_attributes . enabling binary_attributes also enables unary_attributes and empty_nominal_attributes . enabling unary_attributes also enables empty_nominal_attributes . but nominal_class only enables binary_class , since normal schemes in weka don ' t work with datasets that have only 1
we will extract variables variable variables from variables
add an integer to the config
computes the upc / ean checksum on a string of digits , and reports whether the checksum is correct or not .
convert full - width letters in chinese fonts to normal half - width letters in ansi charset . numbers are not touched .
test whether two collections contains the same elements , regardless of the order in which the elements appear in the collections
checks if a response message contains a body .
returns the number of available process in process .
adds the given value .
returns true if action should be displayed in the list of milliseconds .
jumps to the previous or next best match given the parameters below . this may be inside the current word . for example , if the cursor is at index 1 in " hey bob " , and movebyword is called with returncursoratend = true , then the returned value
process a probability messages on the queue .
deletes all the zones in the zoningmaps supplied in the zoningparams .
close the drawing writer .
implements the standard icon interface ' s painticon method as the standard synth stub passes null for the context and this will cause us to not paint any thing , so we override here so that we can paint the enabled state if no synth context is available
this method changes image scale ( animating zoom for given duration ) , related to given center ( x , y ) .
returns a list of the shard known to the database .
returns whether the given file is a hidden
scroll the scroll in a scroll that is less than the scroll .
load the jar file with the given jar file .
invalidate the title of the title pane .
add a new row to the head of the queue .
creates a jar file with the given name and a jar file
after the selection to the next position . if the current time
returns true if there ' s no mapping on the list otherwise false .
closes database connection and logs if an error is encountered
add descriptive details about a specific message box , so that if it needs to be reset in the preferences , then it is easily identifiable . displayed to the user in the preferences gui .
add a color map listener
compute the lof values , using the pdist distances .
appends the suffix to the end of the string if the string does not already end in the suffix .
requests a filesystem in which to store application data .
creates a new external problem with the specified process .
returns true if for a class of this instance is a bridge method .
attempt to recover from a syntax error . this returns false if recovery fails , true if it succeeds . recovery happens in 4 steps . first we pop the parse stack down to a point at which we have a shift out of the top - most state on
adds a query predicate that must be met by vertices .
adds the given number of virtual elements to the lattice .
checks whether the user ' s options are compatible
closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
push a message onto the stack .
random integer between min and max
test that striterator is closed after hasnext return false
called from pspge point list .
populate the task list based on the input volumes and groups .
get the tuple with the maximum data field value .
returns the tip text for this property
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes . the number fits in an array of integers . the most significant byte is positive .
start scrolling based on a fling gesture . the distance traveled will depend on the initial velocity of the fling .
internal conversion . this is needed to support the current springboot actuator auditeventrepository interface
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
adds a listener for changes in the data store .
below method will be used to clear all the stream
probability distribution with rate probability .
gets the name of the series data from the data array .
read characters into a portion of an array .
evaluates the cf6 problem .
send a fatal error log message
returns the number string list of the given string starting at the given index . e . g . , expandnumberat ( " 1100 " , 1 ) gives " one hundred "
equals ( ) with two strings where either could be null
note : this offers the remote file .
returns true if any of the arguments currently in the currently set .
stops the thread . this server .
return the real uri from the given base uri
remove the channel from the identifier .
compares the characters in this builder to determine if they are equal .
convert uuid to long .
adds a vm arguments to the vm .
apply a visitor to a field .
compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare two equal negative numbers .
test that a new observed method
create a new target restore instance from the snapshot .
reverses a list of pointers .
change a given number of steps to a single variable reference .
read a line of text and return it for possible parsing
adds a list of items to the set of items for this item .
returns the url of the product page .
check if the input file info file exists , false otherwise .
removes the listener from the collection of listeners who will be notified when the user changes the receiver ' s selection .
to keep track of a given type in the list .
handles create realm request .
returns the inside point between the two edge .
removes the specified node and its associated value from the given subtree .
atomically removes all of the elements from this deque . the deque will be empty after this call returns .
invoked when a progress event is available .
creates a new node instance .
creates a time period for the week in which the specified date / time falls , calculated relative to the default time zone .
creates a code based on the attribute code .
create a binary output stream from a file
reads a class descriptor from the source stream .
create a new file , if the file exists , and the file is not created .
or for zero and one
executes a prepared statement using values supplied as arguments .
creates a page object .
validates that a string is not empty .
adds common component to the parser configuration . this method will also add all of the component ' s recognized features and properties to the list of default recognized features and properties .
cancel all tasks in the calling thread .
calculate the minimum and maximum values out of a list of doubles .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
unescapes the character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash . the backslash ' \ ' should have already been read . this supports both unicode escapes " u000a " and two - character escapes " \ n " .
update query and header parameters based on authentication settings .
add spaces around spans until the text is fixed , and then removes the unneeded spaces
initializes a default experiment .
removes all bookmark tracking icons .
create a new metric .
determines if a point is inside the inside of text .
resolves the specified loader .
get a list of network interface .
ratio the default sample size .
check if entity status has status effect .
returns a string representation of this instance , for debugging purposes .
computes the value of sslv3 pseudo random function .
adds the channel map to this model
adds the specified object to the priority queue .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
associates the given resource with the specified key in this map .
reads the next uid set of ( as an attribute records .
replaces the given string with a replace to replace the replacement .
scans the given task .
creates the creates windows directory exists .
method to handle update button
loads a class file by a given class loader .
get an iterator over the edges in the given target .
if the size of the latch of a page
returns a hashcode for this identity .
builds a map pool - name = > pool - index from the snmptablehandler of the jvmmempooltable .
creates a new dupgradecryptostrength dialog .
create a horizontal separator .
adds the specified object at the end of the array .
rebuilds the dataset based on the given realmresults .
generate a signature for the loaded message on the key we were initialised with .
computes the utility matrix of a linear regression table .
and for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is longer
write the bytes to byte array .
opens file to the device .
converts a date string into a java . sql . date
creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
might have different semantics than math . round ( double ) , see bugs 6430675 and 8010430 .
creates a new plaintext component with the given short
copies this attribute and returns a new copy .
creates a default component
defines a new ignored " it " block .
method is a file or directory if it is a folder or directory .
return a string representation of the annotation .
creates the extended authentication configuration
writes the field to the output .
skip ( long n ) method testing . tests that the method correctly skips the bytes .
add a char to the string buffer .
returns the hash code for this attribute type . it will be calculated as the hash code of the numeric oid .
cholesky algorithm for symmetric and positive definite matrix .
finds the candidate except for the given edge .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
constructs a repository location .
this method will be used to add a new property
returns the arraylist of the element child element ) element .
returns the string representation of the view .
returns the number of relations in this key .
replace all occurrences of a substring within a string with another string .
determines if a zone is in the global map .
returns the tip text for this property
constructs a new kit instance .
parses a double safely . returning a default if nothing can be parsed as a double .
a lame attempt to prevent duplicate application id . todo : we should expose appid - > appname map via rest api so cli doesn ' t need a separate copy of the map .
profile a profile . this method is responsible for notifications a profile .
prints the given character .
create the views and background
clears all trigger a given token id
creates a new dnetscapecarevocationurl dialog .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
parses a comma - separated list of integers , with range - checking .
constructs a new directory with the specified name and file content .
below method will be used to clear all the stream
convert a new array into the specified size .
reads a value of an annotation and makes the given visitor visit it .
parse an individual sip message header from a string .
helper function to convert a color component in linear rgb space to srgb space . used to build a static lookup table .
records an printing logging destination .
rotate point p around center point c .
returns true if the given word is pronounceable . this method is originally called us_aswd ( ) in flite 1 . 1 .
adds an intersection into the graph , along with the list must be sorted in the graph .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
creates a new cache cache based on the specified size .
updates the best text area .
enable / disable the disable .
handle a mouse zoom button .
fetches the profile of the given page
makes the given visitor visit this annotation .
adds ids to the filter .
stops the monitor , if it ' s aware .
normalizes the url scheme .
invokes the input stream .
commits a local transaction .
adds an object class to the list .
populate the area of the area to boundary
parse a name starting with the given data .
converts a simple string
returns the log - odds for a given probability .
signals a waiting take . called only from put / offer ( which do not otherwise ordinarily lock takelock . )
constructs a tree node with the given treestruct
returns the number of clearance nodes in this node .
adds a host limit to the blacklist of the blacklist
add a node add node list
requests a filesystem in which to store application data .
save the state of this map to a stream .
returns the logarithm of a number .
adds a new entry with the same name and value pairs are stored in a bucket is already present .
translates a transform coordinate into current transform in a graphics2d direction .
checks to see if add mirror ( s ) is supported by changing vpool ( s ) method .
writes the style out .
write content of the buffer to given the given writer .
computes the volume of the overlapping box between two spatialcomparables .
handles the auto - click , if it is enabled .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
helper method that will try to load at least specified number bytes in input buffer , possible moving existing data around if necessary
create a byte array from a byte array
sort method descriptors for natural method descriptors
parses a property list from a string variable .
checks whether the given annotation is a particular annotation .
builds the tooltip for used for nodes that represent multiple graph nodes .
only for testing data and column numbers .
removes a listener from the set of listeners
remove item click listener to this view
find a position that can be selected ( i . e . , is not a separator ) .
pad a string on the left with spaces till it is at least the specified length .
generate all the unique names that match the specified locale .
check whether the given class is cache - safe in the given context , i . e . whether it is loaded by the given classloader or a parent of it .
writes the algorithm ' s internal representation as text .
creates a part from the encoded and decoded strings .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
creates a epoch period representing the week between min and max sequences .
returns the descriptor for a given descriptor .
registers a subscription to be dispersed in the future .
checks correctness of the state after unmarshalling .
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from the specified key if there was one .
asynchronously perform a stream collection
convert from the type used by the reflection accessors to the type used by native accessors . e . g . , for enums , the reflection accessors use enumvaluedescriptors but the native accessors use the generated enum type .
registers a choice builder with the specified message id .
copies a reil code from a code .
this isn ' t what the ri does . the ri doesn ' t have hard - coded defaults , so supplying your own " content . types . user . table " means you don ' t get any of the built - ins , and the built -
reads string data from a reader
computes the actual similarity between two lanes characters . the two lanes . if not ensures that only two parts of the second .
force the player to stop cache .
finds index of the string . returns - 1 if the string was not found .
method to prepare instruction operand with given parameters .
divide and conquer brownian bridge
returns the root node of the xml .
tests whether or not a string matches against a pattern . the pattern may contain two special characters : < br > ' * ' means zero or more characters < br > ' ? ' means one and only one character
combine a list of double arrays into a list
prints an integer to standard output and flushes standard output .
copies the text in the text to the preferred search string . the new text .
handles save button request .
creates the description text panel with a description .
creates a new http client .
generate a signer for the with either implicit or explicit trailers for iso9796 - 2 .
decodes a text value , assuming it is a string of data bytes ) .
extracts all elements from the given collection .
whether the stack is running on a hovis box
normalizes a sequence of characters in the canonical encoding .
returns lowest node . this node might not be in range , so most usages need to check bounds .
returns the number of keys in the history .
creates a line primitive with a specified color for each point .
return the passed in value as an unsigned byte array .
returns the length of the additional measure .
determine the drop action from the event
adds a variable to set to the clause .
step to the next hashmap value , if any , reset svcs and svcidx , and return false if everything exhausted .
loads markers markers ( icon ) on an icon table marker and icon )
this method gets a network connection , and return a test .
assigns the thread safe for the given thread .
validate if dynamic attribute was specified .
check if an object is an instance of a given class , or , if the class is a primitive type , if the object is an instance of the wrapper class for that primitive ( e . g . , as integer is a wrapper for int ) .
initialize any warrant that are connected to a list of strings .
add a command to the command menu
connects to the gatt server hosted on the bluetooth le device .
density function of normal distribution .
the shape graphic shape
tears down the fixture , for example , close a network connection .
loads a list of uris from the given input stream
eventually sets to the given value .
returns a list of objects such that two nodes are equal if their lists are equal . be careful : the lists may contain namednodemaps and nodes , neither of which override object . equals ( ) . such values must be compared manually .
returns a string with a specified separator .
decodes a base64 string into a byte array .
removes all registered listeners
clearbit ( int n ) outside zero
formats the given number as a base standard number formats , padding for a simple sampling format . if the number supports a simple specific parts , the number formats must be parsed .
stops the speed and icon .
encode the name in der form to the stream .
makes the new dirty
creates an array list and fills it with elements of this list . used by toarray .
removes the given connection from the list of connections to be closed when idle . this will return true if the connection is still valid , and false if the connection should be considered expired and not used .
gets an enumeration describing the available options . .
split a string by a delimiter , and return a list of replacement string .
turns a hex string of the unsigned long .
return the standard error of the sample kurtosis . ref : r . r . sokal , f . j . rohlf , biometry : the principles and practice of statistics in biological research ( w . h . freeman and company , new york , 1998 , 3rd edition
load the policy info .
run script , automatically , using the specified reader .
do a subtree jump move .
returns the first or last markersegment in the list of the given class .
removes all values from the supplied values
create a contentassoc method . the work is done in this separate method so that complex services that need this functionality do not need to incur the reflection performance penalty .
reset to the body state
deletes item at array index removeindex . utility for remove ( object ) and iterator . remove . call only when holding lock .
save the state of all of the views received .
adds an sms to the given address .
subscribes to an observable , printing all its emissions . blocks until the observable calls oncompleted or onerror .
calculate the angle , and a double that is a poisson number ( linearly fraction )
invoked on each component ' s action .
copies a header from a request
call the metric to send .
put all fields in the given sequence .
finds the resource base by the given loader .
renders the object model in it ' s epl syntax textual representation .
check whether the given index is a target
creates a new archive with the given archive .
initializes the adb server socket .
reads a block from a given location .
returns true if any tag should be ignored .
shutdown the embedded zookeeper server and delete all data .
returns true if the given coordinates are expanded .
checks if the given string is not end .
adds a listener to the set of listeners that are sent events through the life of an animation , such as start , repeat , and end .
creates a new http method .
checks repeated bytes field equality . only non - null elements are tested . returns true if the two fields have the same sequence of non - null elements . null - value fields and fields of any length with only null elements are considered equal .
draws the text on the attributes .
updates the current list of the updated information
check if the parameter is required .
sends the data to the specified device .
match the given string with optional parameter , in which case the passed in ' parameter map ' matches the passed in template method is called with the template table .
generates the instructions for a switch statement .
print the matrix to the output stream . line the elements up in columns with a fortran - like ' fw . d ' style format .
answers a set backed by a map . and the map must be empty when this method is called .
removes all biomes of this type from the list of biomes allowed to generate
calculate the total requirements of the table
converts an integer to a string , prepended with a variable amount of ' 0 ' pad characters , and writes it to the given writer . < p > this method is optimized for converting small values to strings .
creates a filter for the given ldap filter .
send a blob event .
defines what will be the axis labels
merge the interval with the given interval . the new interval . merge to the new interval set and another .
a gstring variant of the equivalent gstring method .
adds a node to the graph .
print colored text in the console .
trim the vector if necessary .
recursive call to further subdivide the array .
checks that thread does not terminate within the given millisecond delay .
create new worker manager for the specified id .
apply the inline computation to the given data
on message received handler
insert a number of p_item in the database . returns false , if that was not possible .
returns true if , for one of the buffers , the threshold has been exceeded .
convert a string of strings to a byte array
equals ( ) with two strings where either could be null
for f format , the flag character ' - ' , means that the output should be left justified within the field . the default is to pad with blanks on the left . ' + ' character means that the conversion will always begin with a sign ( +
returns the maximum of the fonts in the string .
write a portion of an array of characters .
rounds this point , so that if this point is on the right side of any directed line with direction p_dir , the result point will also be on the right side .
determines a proxy for the given target .
adds a forward reference to this label . this method must be called only for a true forward reference , i . e . only if this label is not resolved yet . for backward references , the offset of the reference can be , and must be , computed
returns an array containing all of the elements in this list in proper sequence ( from first to last element ) . < p > the returned array will be " safe " in that no references to it are maintained by this list . ( in other words ,
indicates whether the server is currently running .
internal method to decrypt archive to archive file .
register a new user to check against the specified uri .
specify a set of columns and values .
test that the given class .
converts the given sequence to a string set .
reads the signature token from the specified input stream .
write a location in the location ) .
get the length of a part of a transaction .
evaluates the xpath expression as a string .
set http headers as an http response .
return the length of the signal to the square root of the audio track .
initialize the shader program .
checks if the given alias exists in this keystore .
invert the set of relations selected in the table . don ' t change the state of any relation .
float value of a negative bigdecimal
binds this store to the specified keystoretype .
draws the connector locators state ( connections in the ui state .
is the given instruction part of this subroutine ?
we loads the trust manager .
tell if the current node is outside the document element .
creates a new thread pool with the given name , minutes it at the pool size .
calls invoke and throws a runtimeexception if it fails .
clears the penetration information .
returns the name of this element type .
adds a helper text color to the helper text color .
called when the main thread is about to sleep ( ) .
creates a new listbasedtokenstream which uses the given attribute source .
resolve a class specified by the descriptor using the specified classloader or the super classloader .
creates a new map based from an existing map with just valid parameters . tries to convert parameters to required type .
retrieve a byte from a byte array with a key .
creates a new add node to the graph .
add the state machine using a stack .
readobject is called to restore the state of the propertypermission from a stream .
retries regcreatekeyex ( ) max_attempts times before giving up .
add a task to the list .
initialize the compute shader .
sort the array if needed
creates an object from a byte buffer .
generate a string based on a group name
test method from apache derby project class org . apache . derbytesting . functiontests . tests . jdbcapi . databasemetadatatest takes a result set and an array of expected column types from java . sql . types and asserts that the column types in the result set metadata match the
creates a new action group from the passed in as an argument .
adds a new row to the table .
pushes the new term to the top of the stack , and writes new blocks .
create a new numericliteral .
check if mineshafter is present . if it is , we need to bypass it to send post requests
ask all children to measure themselves and compute the measurement of this layout based on the height of the view .
cas head field . used only by enq .
ensure the buffer capacity and free buffer to the given capacity .
remove a dependency , regardless of its kind .
returns a new map with the same mappings and size as the original map .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection via the named event
reads all whitespace characters and returns the character from the reader .
compiling templates requires that we be able to list the avts added 9 / 5 / 2000 to support compilation experiment
extracts a map of name / value pairs from the given string . names are expected to be unique .
constructs a priority queue that contains the elements of a collection . the constructed priority queue has the initial capacity of 110 % of the size of the collection . the queue uses natural ordering to order its elements .
returns the resource identifier for the current schema .
see above for explanation .
returns true if the configuration .
replaces each line of a charsequence by applying whitespaces .
read save / save the container from the configuration and save .
returns whether the plot area in the panel can be used .
puts a key / value pair into the array , optimizing for the case where the key is greater than all existing keys in the array .
http : / / b / 3042574 gzipinputstream . skip ( ) causing crc failures
creates a data package with information used by the server when responding to requests
prints a boolean to standard output and flushes standard output .
creates a new shared memory space ,
closes the database connection .
creates a new version object from the current one , but removes the given qualifier from it if it exists .
perform a 16bit load where the sign extended result fills the return value
convert a byte array to a hexadecimal string for display
unregister a baggage handler that is invoked any time baggage operations are performed on valid baggages
creates a new dataset with the given parameters .
compare two collections against the actual order .
adds text to collect .
adds a new field .
parse the expression into a list of expressions .
adds the given section to the list of tickmark sections .
calculates the standard deviation ( sigma ) of a distribution
clears all the data for the previously buffered page .
removes a character buffer from the given input buffer .
add a plotter to the graph , which will be used to plot entries
utility for ceiling , floor , lower , higher methods .
add a listener that will be notified about changes in the event of the distributed block .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg compressed bitmap , removing prior exif tags .
returns true if there is another match in the input , starting from the given position . the region is ignored .
action to be performed
check whether the given charsequence contains any whitespace characters .
will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently dont handle any extensions !
decode from base64 encoded string data
validate all elements of the set .
adds all values to the first value
list initial pieces of the role
perform a series of input values
adds a long value to the request .
compare the two objects for order .
add an actionlistener for any checkbox
calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
returns the difference between this entity and another diff .
returns a string describing this classifier .
get the first byte offset from the start of a class field .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
send a warning log message
updates the key ready ops and selected key set .
check to see if this map is the first element in the list .
handles actions from within the property panel .
javax . net . ssl . sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src , bytebuffer [ ] dsts ) illegalstateexception should be thrown .
adds new server instance .
wrap the instance of a class .
pops a type from the output frame stack .
initiate a new contact
create a new forum post . you must set the forum id for the post .
draws a mark marks .
invoked when component has changed .
get the string represenentation of this step for diagnostic purposes .
description of the method
changes the current labels value with respect to the editor .
write the array of bytes to the stream .
update the point for the specified coordinates .
joins this task , without returning its result or throwing its exception . this method may be useful when processing collections of tasks when some have been cancelled or otherwise known to have aborted .
override method used to configure the vertical drag . restrict the motion of the dragged child view along that vertical axis .
constructs a new http request wrapper .
converts a double to a panel
forwards the http request .
returns a set of keys of the given kind with each .
reads 4 bytes from stream
returns a prefix of the given type .
adds a new record to the buffer .
enqueue the timeout value to timeout
spins / yields / blocks until node s is matched or caller gives up .
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array , with the given string as a separator between each item .
finds a producer for the given key .
initialize the compute shader .
returns status of request failure response status code was successful .
center set of nodes half way between top and bottom most node in the list
append text to the server
called when the activity receives data .
constructs a new instance .
undo the last undo files .
check if internet is connected
close the underlying writer .
return true if there are no extension present in this generator .
creates a new process object .
extracts unique musicid from the mediaid . mediaid is , by this sample ' s convention , a concatenation of category ( eg " by_genre " ) , categoryvalue ( eg " classical " ) and unique musicid . this is necessary so we know where the user selected the
verify identity . getscope ( ) returns identity ' s scope
build a list of parameters that can be provided to a method .
this is a fast operation ( logarithmic in the size of the cell union ) .
creates a seeded simplex noise generator with the given random
converts to primitive array .
read new lines processing .
lazily construct the lookup table for this schema . used to accelerate name - based lookups of schema information .
a method to return a string representation of a queue in a queue .
readdata - - input the modbus message from din . if there was a header , such as for modbus / tcp , it will have been read already .
called before the pipe exists .
returns the maximum weighted capacity of the map .
handle the given tokenizer .
get random string with the minimum distance between two values
test verifies that the write and verifies that covers .
search for the given path
will return true if any extensions are present and marked as critical as we currently don ' t handle any extensions !
internal method to perform the normalization .
appends the string associated with the range in which the specified double value fits to the specified string buffer .
loads configuration from the specified uuid . properties file .
marks the local session id .
caches is bug in the root node , including setting it back to false .
return true if the count has reached a unit
create an xml element to xml element .
modifies file with given name
the commands to execute when in state 2 .
tests the listing of the options
convert polar coordinates to floating point lat and lon to the world coordinates .
notifies when the size or the orientation of the view has actually changed .
remove a positionablepoint - - an anchor or an end bumper .
process notification of the end of an xml element being reached .
convert a matrix to a matrix
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
returns the number of messages in the queue that have been processed yet .
constructs a new dobjectidchooser dialog .
clears any references the scene is holding for its contents . this does not clear the items themselves as they may be held by some other scene .
attempt to match the host runtime to a capable platform implementation .
adds a mitre join connecting a point " point " segment .
discards any characters outside of the base64 alphabet , per the requirements on page 25 of rfc 2045 - " any characters outside of the base64 alphabet are to be ignored in base64 encoded data . "
multiply two numbers of different scales
limit leaseduration by limit , and check for negative value .
returns a cookie - safe path by truncating everything after the last " / " . when request path like " / foo / bar . html " yields a cookie , that cookie ' s default path is " / foo / " .
returns string from double formatted to decimalformat ( " # # # . 00 " )
creates a new instance .
this function to the items .
make a new identifier id from an existing oid .
cache an attribute key .
reads a policy configuration into the policy object using a reader object . < p >
extract value from provider for given volume info key , and then get its name and use that to inject to map .
implementation of adapter . ondetachedfromrecyclerview ( recyclerview ) < p > called when this expandablerecycleradapter is detached from a recyclerview .
loads the specified file into the table
ensures the data type of the model has changed .
attempts to load a mary method from the first 64 bytes
returns a hash code value for this object .
a more prefix search for filtering .
create subject for policy identity
makes sure the capacity and size of the vector can accomodate the given index . the capacity of the vector is simply doubled until it can accomodate its size .
command line method . this method .
the hex to load the images
triangulate a pointset with eventual constraints
encodes binary data into base64 string .
writes out a source / sink specification object for java method parameters
readobject is called to restore the state of the propertypermission from a stream .
parses the data from the supplied reader , using the supplied baseuri to resolve any relative uri references .
excludes from the filename
discards any characters outside of the base64 alphabet , per the requirements on page 25 of rfc 2045 - " any characters outside of the base64 alphabet are to be ignored in base64 encoded data . "
replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string
add a file to the classpath .
insert a new array into the database .
puts a collection in the cache .
return an intbuffer that accesses the minor version number . this is used to create a monitor object for this value .
the specified index within the source builder .
creates a digest based on the contents .
set the given value to this native code
changes current journal if it is a file names can be loaded .
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
allocate an instance of a class .
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
sets up this animatorset to play all of the supplied animations at the same time .
prints an error message .
a method for other parts of the application to get stats the command processor uses this to report stats on request
applies all data of this equation to the supplied distribution .
this method cannot be called directly .
returns all the text at the given url .
loads move participants for the given element .
determines the preference of the specified database .
paint the arrow in pressed state .
flipbit ( int n ) inside a negative number
private void user agent .
return true if there are more events in the queue .
closes the database connection .
extracts xmpmeta from a jpeg image file stream .
initializes a new model instance .
apply cross - over operation to bayesnet calculate score and as a side effect sets bayesnet parent sets .
resets the state of this engine .
creates the user disabled based on the given name .
returns the cumulative probability of the given parameters .
returns the descriptor representing the given type .
get the string encoded version of this object
consumes a token type .
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate3 ( ) . updates values in a several columns in the table
this test initially was created to find the bug when longvarchar column is used for prepared .
check if this type is assignable from the given type .
method used to insert advance collection in egdemanddetail table .
creates a sampleset by reading the given byte buffer from the given byte buffer .
handles an asynchronous request .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
times and records the duration of event .
checks if the specified bytecode version string represents a jdk 1 . 5 + compatible bytecode version .
a method that adds mapping to a definition .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
finds the first enabled template that matches both path and a file .
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
adds a simple listener for this view .
creates a new instance of the given url .
render the given drawing instance .
method for beancontextchild interface .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
clears all the variables in the provided list .
release previously acquired app .
deletes all tables from the table .
finds one category associated with the two levels
marks a default session token as removed for a particular site .
uris the data from uri to a uri
constructs a new request .
computes the alpha value of the tab based on its discard status .
converts filetime to file .
generates a random iv and encrypts this plain text with the given key . then attaches a hashed mac , which is contained in the ciphertextivmac class .
removes a address from this user
measures the width and height of the view , preserving the aspect ratio of the image displayed if wrap_content is used . the image will scale within this box , not resizing the view as it is zoomed .
to fire off the end element trace event
verifies that the product - name at the current product
generate an array of spanned items representing the history of this connection .
formats the given message with the given arguments .
override this method to insert a given element into the given range .
create a folder from a file / directory if exists
after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center , post - rotation .
creates the ticker text for a notification having | title | and | body | . the notification ' s title will be printed in bold , followed by the text of the body .
verify whether protocoltype already exists or not . if it doesn ' t exist then add .
provides detailed description of this annotation instance , including all member name - values pairs .
adds the key to the list .
load configuration from a resource .
writes a log message .
draws the title on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer ) .
construct a public key from its encoding .
return the result count for the given search query . to allow quick repeated look ups , the hit count is cached ( this cache is cleared whenever a change to the search index occurs ) .
returns true if both constants expression .
adds a new header with the name and value . this may be used to add multiple headers with the same name .
perform an asyncrhonous min operation
writes a character array followed by a newline .
ensures that the tmp .
commits the current map .
updatefunctionalitytest # testupdate7 ( ) . updates records in the table using subquery in update command
extracts the indentation as an indent line . returns null if the line is empty .
does the work of getting the path .
perform an insert search of the node specified by distance .
convenience method to add two regular expressions to a newline
divide : rounding mode is round_half_up , result is negative ; equidistant
encodes given string using the specified charset . unsafe characters are escaped .
slide the panel depending on the panel . if slide is false , the panel will be removed .
add a initial draweritem or a draweritem array for the stickydrawerfooter
test whether to log ' debug ' at ' finer ' level
sorts the specified sub - array of longs into ascending order .
resets the array to 0 .
returns the sine of the cosine of the argument .
render the graphics annotation in an image in shape .
extract data from the given byte array from the given directory .
creates a new extended session id .
compute a cardinal spline , a series of cubic bezier splines smoothly connecting a set of points . cardinal splines maintain c ( 1 ) continuity , ensuring the connected spline segments form a differentiable curve , ensuring at least a minimum level of smoothness .
returns an automaton that accepts the intersection of the given automaton . < p > the algorithm uses these algorithm . ) number of states of the given automata .
tests if the next characters on the queue match the sequence . case insensitive .
finds the root element with the given context root
compares two comparable objects .
returns true if the device contains superuser . apk which is stored into the device in the rooting process .
adds a expression to the expression .
track a motion scroll
synchronizes on the queue , returns .
find a component by name
returns true if the given class if it is loaded and loaded
writes an float field value .
extracts the column keys from a line from a source line .
draws an arc for the given parameters .
this method will convert and fill list of byte buffer to list of byte array
creates an instance of a class loader .
the derived key function , the ith hash of the password and the salt .
make sure that system . runfinalization ( ) returns even if the finalization queue is never completely empty . http : / / b / 4193517
show the ui and show it as the screen showing
computes the width of a string to a given string size .
run validation on a queue is defined .
action to be performed .
converte localdatetime para string indicando o formato da tostring
creates a new data mart object
returns email field with the specified value .
creates an instance of security server information .
adds a changelistener to the panel
creates a new instance with the specified parameters .
creates a new cell renderer .
initialization properties in the target vdc flow with the required information in the target vdc .
puts a new element into the dom document . the new element must be specified .
construct this object from one of the strings in the " fmt_list " parameter
check two objects for equality .
this base url uses the base implementation
method to start task .
load from the store .
scan point for each instruction in analysis .
close the file if it exists .
advance to the next token .
parse the first token .
creates a new instance of the panel .
removes gaps from graph .
return the passed in value as an unsigned byte array .
external project implementation of project class .
convenience method to park and then check if interrupted
lists all ui platform which are available . this display .
set the required request .
checks whether the supplied object is a date object
converts config to xml ,
builds all somevaluesfrom points
heapify - up method for 2 - ary heap .
branches are initially compressed , needing one node per key plus the size of the string key . they are decompressed as needed when another key with same prefix is inserted . this saves a lot of space , specially for long keys .
unlocks to allow both puts and takes .
test if file is subtitle format
write the constant to the output stream
initializes the properties to be used by open federation library . ideally this must be called first before any other method is called again ( )
add a network listener to be notified whenever a network changes .
appends content prefix to buffer . < p > scipio : note : orig ofbiz method .
register an error listener .
validate the class name .
imports the base type substitutions .
builds the matrix ( old ) from the given dom node .
record file system event and audit
creates a core token service exception .
creates a new dimportkeypairopenssl dialog .
computes the dynamic distribution for a java project
normalizes a string value by removing the trailing whitespace characters .
skip the specified number of the array .
removes the specified configuration .
removes a group listener .
set mapping from specified factories
extracts the key that corresponds to the given name .
returns the distance between two pointer touch points
transforms all the string keys and odd java classes into the specified key .
method called from apache
create an empty component manager .
removes all observers from the list of observers .
read a byte array representing a frame file .
calculates a key for a given set of keys and values .
initializes the supplied placeholder .
unzips a byte array to an output stream .
inserts a combobox into the combobox .
in the standard coroutine architecture , coroutines are identified by their method names and are launched and run up to their first yield by simply resuming them ; its ' s presumed that this recognizes the not - already - running case and does the right thing . we seem
checks if an error occurred to be occurred in a gui error .
encodes the number as a json string .
creates a map from a name / value pair string
helper to run the test and verifies that all of and " namespaces for it .
returns a set view of the keys contained in this map . the set is backed by this map and so changes to the cache are reflected in the map .
called when the audio buffer is audio and ready to stop audio data .
create a new instance .
creates a new native instance .
returns the core floor value .
sets the supplied calendar object with 0 values for fields lower than hour
inserts the given string with the given prefix .
returns the enum from a list of coordinates from a point list
trim to max character of the given length
schedule a scheduled task to the pool .
we call this to guarantee that we fetch a fresh policy from the server . this is to be used if the url is invalid .
decrypt the cipher and aes the key .
log the operating system log information .
inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a literal value , inline array , or inline object . also adjusts the stack to expect either a closing bracket or another element .
compresses the provided string to a byte array .
the transport guid format of item wwn
tests whether a servlet api with no descriptor is successfully added to a descriptor .
equals implementation using a business key .
prints an error message to the exception .
removed an event listener from this transaction .
builds a new environment configured to the system environment .
returns true if the specified type is a command - element .
sends a report to the report .
returns true if the string starts with the given prefix .
determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction .
checks that the elements of a list of greatest .
determines the height of this view
handle a mousemoved mouselistener event .
format the provided values .
emit a generated metadata file .
draws the content of the top border around the content area . draw broken line if selected tab is visible and adjacent to content and tabplacement is same as painted edge
analyzes the internal data and returns the application data
execute update . saves " dbexecuteerror " in log
returns microseconds running in the current thread .
builds a list of entry from the provided lines of ldif .
removes all parser highlights .
read short , 16 - bits . like datainputstream . readshort except little endian .
format a byte array into an existing offset .
appends a character to the buffer .
checks to see if this user has read permission on the specified order
check if an annotation is annotations .
determines whether this block is equivalent to another exception handler .
returns a hashcode for this identity .
the value of checksum .
returns whether this text editor contains the specified label .
create a new image from a given parent , and a set of additional width and height .
opens the data the connection to the server .
install package normal by system intent
createinsertlist removes redundant items from itemdraglist
read extra table file metadata file role
decode the run length of a polynomial .
reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte [ ] .
returns whether the handshake phase has is completed . in case of a broken handshake this will be never the case .
creates a new instance of the specified parameter constraint .
inflate a single overlay from overlay configuration string according to the syntax spec .
the other party has breached the contract and submitted an old channel transaction .
construct fancyloader , grabbing a reference to the dexfile class if we ' re running under dalvik .
given a source file system property .
flip all flip to the appropriate port is done
load value from property string value
gets all namespaces for a specific namespace
draws the gradient path .
compress the bitmap to the byte array as the specified format and quality .
check if an button of the android event
set the adhoc synchronously .
resets the overall decoder .
copies all the files from one directory to another . the destination directory will be overwritten .
creates a new journal that omits redundant journal entries . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
records the log files .
loads the rewrites from a string .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
reads from sequence of bytes from the record
creates pruned by step . estimate .
makes the request , associated with an http response .
create a negative number from an array of bytes . the number fits in an integer .
formats the given double value .
remove items from the list
resets the shape representing a rectangle .
attempt to convert a string from clause .
take the set of the score from the list of operations needed .
returns the effective numerical matrix rank , which is the number of nonnegligible singular values .
this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you override this method you must call through to the superclass implementation ( e . g . super . onpagescrolled (
execute a modifiable variable holder and rounds a single variable
save a file to a writer
deletes old files .
warning : assumes strictly bifurcating tree .
commit and close the unisolated connection .
method to convert a byte array to a buffered image .
rebuilds the specified object in the top of the object stack .
get the mqtt topic for an device event .
returns the result of the last matching operation . < p > the next * and find * methods return the match result in the case of a successful match .
creates a zip file constraint .
computes the value of sslv3 pseudo random function .
decodes a url safe string into its original form using the default string charset . escaped characters are converted back to their original representation .
copies this block instance
tries to acquire the caller class loader ' caller ' s class implements .
fill the path for the given path .
convert a color to an angle .
parses old elements of the length size constant .
encodes the encoded query parameter using utf - 8 and adds it to this url ' s query string .
create image with 12 icon
creates a new namespace .
atomically decrements by one the current value .
update the location for the center of the update between the specified angles .
remove all listeners from the script .
lock to prevent both puts and takes .
clears the cache . deletes all cached files from disk .
if the latest date is at the same time , it . if the latest year .
use our ui delegate for the specified ui control type .
makes this object immutable .
compute the set of all values within the specified database .
internal method to adjust position of positions in the list based on the positions passed to the positions .
appends the given id to the given buffer , followed by " \ \ e " . [ steal it from opentsdb , thanks opentsdb : ) https : / / github . com / opentsdb / opentsdb / blob / master / src / core / tsdbquery . java
creates a new available migration with this version .
receive notification of a comment .
draws an image scaled to a transform from an image
displays the profile of a view bean .
select table1 of all elements
add a raw boolean value to the end of the list .
return the number of objects in this set .
like datainputstream . readint except little endian and for unsigned integers .
gets the address options from the database connection .
adds a pause listener to the set of listeners that will be called when the animation is modified .
makes the object immutable .
set data from the rule to the specified filter .
adds a component to the end of the list .
opens a url for the given uri .
marks a line as needing a repaint .
constructs a bytebanded raster with the given samplemodel . the raster is origin and it is origin and it is the same size as the samplemodel . a databuffer large enough to describe the raster is automatically created . samplemodel must be of type singlepixelpackedsamplemodel or interleavedsamplemodel .
initialize all fields of this uri from another uri .
sets up this animatorset to play all of the supplied animations at the same time .
removes and returns last element , or null if empty .
checks whether a notification is registered in the registered notification .
reads the process output from a string .
fills the header and footer after the headers .
add an operand to the statements .
decodes a string into its original form using the specified format is the string value .
calculate average total amount of all size
skip the specified number of characters .
unit test for concurrent modification resulting from insert ( ) and remove ( ) including ( a ) where the event causes a join copy the insert ( ) and ( b ) where remove ( ) causes an underflow that triggers a join of the leaf with its sibling
removes all ims controls
escapes a string for use in ascii property lists .
set the content by converting characters to into bytes using the specified encoding .
clears the dictionary cache
convert an argument to a type string representation .
change the file cache to ensure file
enqueue a camera task to run on the ui thread .
a set of kindname ( s ) representing a set of symbol ' s kinds .
returns the length of the array .
returns a string representation of this hash map < string > hash map .
collect together the languages supported by the given services and call back once done .
finds the encoding of the specified type .
convert a bufferedimage to a bufferedimage .
sets the start time .
go to the next view using the animator passed in
dmitri ilyin : makes sure if the string is hh encoded sign .
implements the abstract method simulatemethod . it distributes the request to the corresponding methods by signatures .
also known by all the last static analysis . this is used to ensure that the serialization . by the code .
setbit ( int n ) the leftmost bit in a positive number
destroy the managed beans from the given view map .
close given inputstream , ignoring any resulting exception .
returns the node at the specified index .
returns the amount of given in the current tab and height . lang . < p / left .
create a directory if it does not exist . all parent directories must already exist .
create an encoder using the given base and aes wrapping key .
convert a coordinate string into a long array of coordinates .
extract weights stored in weights .
flush any buffered messages and close all the files .
returns true if the given a list of distance between b .
ensure the buffer array ' s capacity .
helper function to check region of the region
trim the url ' from ' : ' character .
returns the next key from the stream .
adds alpha colors to a hex based on this alpha string
stops the server at the end
parses , validates and computes normalized version of gmonthday object
copies the state of a local store into a local specified local state .
load classes from database
attempt to see if a connection can either be received .
adds the specified element to the end of this queue , waiting if there is no existing data .
construct new empty textcomponent .
inserts the specified part at the specified position .
inserts the value into this builder .
returns true if the given nature and bind it to the given observable .
dumps the provided post request and list )
returns node holding key or null if no such , clearing out any deleted nodes seen along the way . repeatedly traverses at base - level looking for key starting at predecessor returned from findpredecessor , processing base - level deletions as encountered . some callers rely on this side
parses sort order fields and returns a sort order .
opens the dynamicregionfactory from the client .
returns the conversion from a type arguments .
moves api to the minimum value past start time , or deletes it completely if there isn ' t a time after start time
this method calls updateusers and updates the values of the instance of users passed . it also validates the values passed .
forges and sends the options request
setup and run a test .
prints the thread information .
adds the given resource to the list of resources to be deleted .
compute the maximum of two values
adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream .
add a method to the chain of methods after the dot , indicating the this segment is a property and does not need parenthesis and won ' t have paramaters .
request that the request parameters .
returns a salted pbkdf2 hash of the password .
schedule the scheduled for future updates
returns a hash code for this doubleconstant object .
the actual subscribe method exposed by this class .
is operating system android 6 ?
this method gets the client .
determines whether a compound name is a suffix of this compound name . a composite name ' n ' is a suffix if it it is equal to getsuffix ( size ( ) - n . size ( ) ) - - in other words , this composite name ends
calculates total height of the board
tells whether the provided used by this classifier .
this method will load the level cache
helper to validate the contents of a " long " file in an obb . the format of a file is sequential int
saves the data in the output stream .
applies mask a mask a returns formatresult
initializes the duration for future
size + value1 type id + value length + value1 binary content + . . . 4b 4b 4b value1 bytes
the contact file header to be one of the directory server file begin should be placed in which the sms file header should be a valid one way to check compatibility of the bin ; configuration file header . the header should be a correct number of obsolete if it
take a bufferedimage of the image at the specified location .
set the center of the widget to the widgets
adds the attribute values to the specified attribute name .
test the case where the thread is preemptively unparked .
commits the segment index .
finalize the activity to the namespace .
method called when the size of data has been written .
converts the given hex string into a plain string .
returns a list of all the given feature .
traverse the tree nodes .
converts an rate into a human readable and localized kb / s speed .
returns the next element in the array .
returns true if field debug is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
request a list of contact contacts
convert a double to a string with special missing value .
creates at test indexcreatedevent .
validate a string using a regular expression .
given a document , find the url associated with that document .
returns a random number between start ( inclusive ) and end ( inclusive ) .
pops a type from the output frame stack .
inserts the specified task at the specified task id .
pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
creates a new algorithm spec initialized with the given securerandom .
reads the state from the stream .
checks whether a character is a valid token character . whitespace , control characters , and http separators are not valid token characters . the http specification ( rfc 2616 , section 2 . 2 ) defines tokens only for the us - ascii character set , this method extends
draws the lines on the first n / r / left
add or replace an element type for this schema .
don ' t use this when obfuscating class names !
writes a string followed by a newline .
creates a uri from the given uri .
paints the background for a property .
write this object to a byte array
adds another import source .
draws an arrow head mark the chart to the canvas
initializes the dynamic class loader .
unmarshal parameters from an xml body .
reloads the data from the service .
create a localized resource name based on a resource name and a locale .
converts an array of objects into string .
draws the icon of the icon .
synchronizes the query to be executed before the query execution ?
prepare the reset reset
convert a bufferedimage to a bufferedimage .
writes a byte array to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
checks if the thread should be cancelled .
removes a child edge from this directededgestar .
returns true if , at the current time , the named event could be generated .
receives message and batches as needed .
sets the date to standard date .
decides if given x - coordinate in screen space needs to be interpreted as " within " the normalized thumb x - coordinate .
method will cleanup all the files in a given directory .
this indicates whether a resolver can be found .
adds a recorded duration .
open the atomic file for reading . if there previously was an incomplete write , this will roll back to the last good data before opening for read . you should call close ( ) on the fileinputstream when you are done reading from it . < p > note
submits a task to be executed in the queue .
creates default implementation of task distributor
dumps this utterance to the given writer .
add an entry to the candidate editor when the entry ' s change is called .
creates a new incomplete shape to the board .
compute the desired magnitude of a unit vector projected to a given planet model . the unit vector is specified only by a z value .
trims the string , removing all whitespace at the beginning and end of the string . non - breaking whitespaces are also removed .
validates correct provider details for valid availability for correct provider
parses a node in the xml structure and returns the corresponding nsobject
creates a charge account details account and add entries of a certain balance .
creates the next line spacing and adds a line stroke
serialize object to a bytebuffer object .
executed upon sending a packet away . put your arbitrary data into the bytebuffer , and retrieve it on the receiving side when readbytes is executed .
create a new sensor if all checks are passed system name is normalized to ensure uniqueness .
returns the maximum value in the specified array .
fill a list of polygons with the given color
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream , removing prior exif tags .
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 9 and annex b , b . 2
move the selection to the previous day
accepts an ipv4 address in the form of an integer and returns the corresponding byte array .
returns true if the template applies .
if the object is not null , then return it .
auto - modified bessel function
destroys the connection . this method is called before closing the connection .
pattern , in the pattern ' s regular expression . the ' may ' . if there is a non - escape characters .
draws an item for a category .
this returns the actual operator read from the supplied stream .
checked the network connect status .
set up for the tab closing animation
adds the auth scheme
its guaranted that closepacket will be sent before closing connection , but all past and future packets wont . connection will be closed [ by dispatcher thread ] , and ondisconnect ( ) method will be called to clear all other things . forced means that server shouldn ' t
replaces all edges with the given edge and all edges .
reads a value of an annotation and makes the given visitor visit it .
timingtarget implementation : calculate and set the current car position based on the animation fraction
creates a new assume that includes the specified root pane .
returns a string representation of this stack .
writes a long ( 64 bit ) to the target stream .
find container url for the container xml file
given a list of source directories and a list of wildcards that possibly contain wildcards it returns a expanded fully - qualified names .
returns the charset of the given charset name .
creates a new finite number generator .
dump a message as a string .
execute a query based on the sql string given . for each record of the resultset return , execute a callback function
the name of the variable to cache t . class values .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
maps a library name to a string .
find the next matcher instance in the pattern .
for each of the images , updates .
add a private field declaration to this field
adds the given private possible index .
tests if the queue matches the sequence ( as with match ) , and if they do , removes the matched string from the queue .
create new gl object .
clears the scrap heap .
gets the named request parameters for the current user .
reads characters into a portion of an array .
add an http header line containing a field name , a literal colon , and a value . this works around empty header names and header names that start with a colon ( created by old broken spdy versions of the response cache ) .
merge nodes of the tree .
negate ( ) for a negative bigdecimal
binds the item to the given container .
creates the simple setup panel with the given experiment .
adds a listener of attribute events .
process the arguments passed to this method .
check if the passed virtual volume than passed characteristic configuration
initialize the tree node .
returns true if this namevaluelist has a record with the given name
returns true if this charseq starts with the given character sequence .
returns true if the window is in the window .
support for reporting bound property changes for integer properties . this method can be called when a bound property has changed and it will send the appropriate propertychangeevent to any registered propertychangelisteners .
starts fading to the specified layer .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
computes the hash code of a repeated boolean field . null - value and 0 - length fields have the same hash code .
creates a new abstractsurfaceobject , assigning it a unique id and initializing its last modified time to the current system time .
parses an individual method .
create new review task .
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
startup function names transformation .
returns the index of the first column of the given column without creating a new character .
take a previously schedule
decodes a color string from the original color .
this method recursively calls itself . it forward state )
gets the distance between the two vector , if any .
calculates the number of locations of this database .
flush and close the underlying java . io . writer . this method applies to tostream serializers , not tosaxhandler serializers .
add all distinct entry to list1 from list2
saves locators of an object , or extends .
sends messages to kafka .
creates a string of a given length containing the given character
adds the given connection to the list of connections to be notified when the connection is opened .
remove trailing or leading whitespace from the annotation .
adds the given listener to the list of listeners .
called to notify that a consumption has finished .
test bulk get / put byte [ ] methods with offset and length .
concatenates a list of double arrays into a single array .
ensures that the external array tmp has at least the specified number of elements , increasing its size if necessary . the size increases exponentially to ensure amortized linear time complexity .
adds new values to the series .
adds a new session number .
calculate the rotation angle between the given and the point
counts the number of character sequence
create a crlnumberextension with the integer value . the criticality is set to false .
verbose log message with printf formatting .
calculate the log probability for a normally distributed message centered at mu .
specify a new dropcontroller
upcall from native code
todo need think about if multi - put is necessary , by checking if autoflush works
index = = - 1 when new .
extracts secret key from the given uri
method invoked by a contact
add a generated class to the list of src classes .
returns true if the game ' s
parses the given string for a textual representation for time and returns the time value in seconds past midnight . the following formats are recognized : hh : mm : ss , hh : mm , ssss .
returns true if stop watch is currently running
parse the input stream of the data from the specified resource .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
build a string representation of this object ' s state .
tests whether the empty snapshot is empty .
check if the given parameters are in the " search " , potentially compared
quick exp , with a max relative error of about power - 2 for | value | & lt ; 700 . 0 or so , and no accuracy at all outside this range .
loads the class file into a class file in the classpath .
write the counter to the output stream .
all annotations declarations nested inside of a class .
find out all nodes in the specified nodes .
updates the cursor with the new parameters
returns true if the mouse event specifies the specified mouse button .
adds a new success message .
starts the timeout timer
close inputstream if we have one .
assign next log segment sequence number based on a decreasing list of log segments .
read binary data from the input stream .
asserts that a language is set .
called when block data is full .
returns true if the loader contains a queued threads .
returns the time in milliseconds since the last time timerstring was called
equivalent to assert cond : value ;
add definition based on attributes of the definition
create a sourcedataquality object from its xml representation . the format of the xml required is determined by the output of the toxml ( ) method .
returns the root element at the top of the xml element .
get the resulting y - position of the bottom edge of the crop window given the handle ' s position and the image ' s bounding box and snap radius .
generates json as a string
exports all symbols from descriptors array of symbols . this routine name format .
returns true if m has fulfilling bit set .
add a data source listener
finds the appropriate hierarchy in the hierarchy
changes to the stopping state .
reads entire binary input stream .
returns the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors
ensure there is at least one animation for every path in group ( linking them by names ) build the " current " path based on the first group
cancels included turnouts only option
removes all entry entries from the list
shows an error dialog .
check that the given header is a valid length suffix suffix
internal method for printing a tag with attributes .
parse the given string as a base64 string .
draws an arrow for the given parameters .
checks if the object is a trusted object
creates a new persistent search request control .
connect to one set of connections to another .
multiply a character by a character . the ordinal value of the character is used in the multiplication ( the ordinal value is the unicode value which for simple character sets is the ascii value ) .
draw a charsequence without its path .
add a zone change listener .
write byte to the store
registers a listener to handle incoming / zooming
return the current row as a list of elements of the first column .
reset any explicit or default - set hooks . < p > note : this should only be used for testing purposes .
a hashing method that changes a string ( like a url ) into a hash suitable for using as a disk filename .
records the average and average . average ( )
triggers test case failure if any thread assertions have failed , by rethrowing , in the test harness thread , any exception recorded earlier by threadrecordfailure .
parses the given input string . the input must contain a valid json value , optionally padded with whitespace .
get the default maximum value of the attribute value .
returns the contents of the receiver as a char array . any changes made to the receiver after returning will not be reflected in the string returned to the caller .
the size of pending workers
inserts a component into this panel .
reads the characters up to the given input string
draws the chart legend .
creates a http response for the given path
creates a new map with the same mappings as the given map . the map is created with a capacity of 1 . 5 times the number of mappings in the given map or 16 ( whichever is greater ) , and a default load factor ( 0 . 75
adds a style to the digest for a table .
appends a read data byte to the buffer .
check if the next availability query contains the latest parts of the settings scheme .
initializes this logger ' s resource bundle .
construct a layer p_layer .
checks whether the commit point should be excluded .
remember a factory that can be used .
adds a long value to the request .
returns the next available character , or the null character ' \ 0 ' if all input has been exhausted . the return value of this method is ambiguous for json strings that contain the character ' \ 0 ' .
removes first entry ; returns its snapshot .
creates new task cancellation exception given throwable as a cause and source of error message .
normalizes a sequence of char values .
removes all views ( excluding headers from the specified list of those views .
return whether or not the graph is highlight .
completely remove an action .
computes the error count
reads the next fasta record and returns it .
adds the specified character to self .
returns true if the given ifd is a valid ifd .
removes a child group from the list .
check to see if this storageport already exists
appends a split element to the beginning
compiling templates requires that we be able to list the avts added 9 / 5 / 2000 to support compilation experiment
create a new explanation handler .
flush any buffered bits .
allows the direct connection .
appends a national number to the end of the national number .
deletes all selected rows
stops the backing windows .
release previously acquired exclusive access .
configure the servlet process .
writes the current transform . calls writetransform ( transform ) .
signum ( ) for a positive bigdecimal
creates a new chain based on the existing chain with the new element added at the end
check if an operator is one of the expected statements . statements . if the parsing is returned .
equivalent to the specified object to a selector .
queue a default sound .
removes the xy series from the list .
add a glue , or variable spacing , to a ui component
writes result file . note that writes result directory directly into file .
creates a new instance of encryptionservice
this method will write metadata at the end of file file format in thrift format
renders the tree at the given level .
replace all regular expression with the replace pattern with the replacement string .
returns true if two string are equal , false otherwise .
just verifies the file length to the chunk
creates the new pin from the list from the list of layers .
run this command with the arguments supplied
parse an entity reference or string .
creates the javascript method invocation extension expressions .
launches an editor for this node .
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization .
drop multiple tables from the database .
creates a new disk segment .
check if an email is available or not
removes from this list all of its elements that are contained in the specified collection . this is a particularly expensive operation in this class because of the need for an internal temporary array .
the function convert_polar_stereographic_to_geodetic converts polar stereographic coordinates ( easting and northing ) to geodetic coordinates ( latitude and longitude ) according to the current ellipsoid and polar stereographic projection parameters . if any errors occur , the code ( s ) are returned by the function , otherwise polar_no_error is
asserts aspects of a uri
a function to find the maximum of two values , but ignoring any double . nan values .
sets shared lock on the directory block when crabbing down for read .
removes the given connection from the list of connections to be used connection objects .
tests if the word is a letter or digit .
instantiates a random environment .
generate a remote class
add long click view id
removes a point from the list .
calculate the exif file in the renderer .
converts an array of 4 bytes into a long .
decodes unicode escapes . interpretation of " \ \ uxxxx " escape sequences where xxxx is a hex - number .
pass mouseevent straight through to delegate
remove formatting from a line of irc text .
xor for two negative numbers ; the first is shorter
print the expression information to drop .
returns true if collection is empty collection is empty .
write the local csv values to the serialized csv file
creates a configuration parameters for the configuration for the service given the configuration attributes .
deletes circle of trust of a circle of trust .
add a sourcecoderemark on the given element with a preset evidence element collection
adds the appropriate action for the specified state .
method retrieves the pem encoded data from the stream and returns its decoded representation . method checks correctness of pem boundaries . it supposes that the first ' - ' of the opening boundary has already been read from the stream . so first of all it checks that the
saves the specified entity .
tell whether this stream supports the mark ( ) operation .
encode parts of the message using text compaction as described in iso / iec 15438 : 2001 ( e ) , chapter 4 . 4 . 2 .
resolves the parent name ( implementation ) in a parents
create a new intcolumn .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
use the select scope in the given scope
executes the script at the specified location and returns the result .
creates a implementation of domtestdocumentbuilderfactory using org . apache . html . dom . htmlbuilder
formats the baud rate of the given a string
checks whether this iterator has been closed .
start our processor thread .
makes a new simplifier for the given package and set of types .
performs a sub - byte array of bytes according to the specified compress .
converts a name into the format for the correct language .
the graphical representation of the series values as text .
creates a xml representation of this object
creates a list of server addresses used for a single server .
cast a string to a boolean value ( primitive value type )
are there more work list items ?
changes current seed by supplementing a seed argument to the current seed , if this already set ; the argument is used as first seed otherwise . < br > the method overrides " enginesetseed ( byte [ ] ) " in class securerandomspi .
generate the class file for this class
determines whether the supplied value of the db configuration file make sure that the system property definition .
main method to construct instance of this class .
return the appropriate dom feature .
calculates the approximate height of a text , depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e . g . inside drawing methods )
check that the target system .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
check that all the tasks are finished
callnonvirtualshortmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a short value
utility function to show indicator
fires a property change of a boolean property with the given name . if the old value and the new value are not null and equal the event will not be fired .
remove all items from the list of marker
captures the given string with the current position of quote and open quotes .
converts an integer to a string .
tests validates that each client .
initialize the layout with starting values .
runs the test case .
checks a stack frame value .
computes a quantitative , linearly scaled layout .
creates a template string which is the string template .
check to see if the axis .
initiate signature type by private key
selects a set of initiators to another .
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot . there must be no directory separator after the dot . the extension check is case - sensitive
post a package resource
close the file opened when creating the mp4parser .
constructs a new event listener for the specified class .
return a list of node objects that have the given name and are immediate children of the given element ; if name is null , all child elements will be included .
returns the application instance .
initializes the font , and display .
return a double array of the number of numbers . call .
adds the given method to this class .
add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
atomically removes all of the elements from this deque . the deque will be empty after this call returns .
adds a replication factor to the request .
makes the rgb animation .
in uuencoded buffers , encoded in uuencoded format
adds a transaction to the server .
returns the distance between two pointer touch points
does this method have no incoming edge ?
construct a new tag
selects an instance of the product
ensure the underlying track file has been written to disk .
commit does not match the journal . < p > note that commits .
prints an object to standard output and flushes standard output .
stops the heart beat and calls the callback .
reads bytes from a given file reader until either a specified character sequence is read , the buffer is completely filled or the end of file is reached .
generate the graph file . . .
close a bytearrayoutputstream passed in .
new bigdecimal ( which can be used to query )
method for beancontextchild interface .
creates the extended entity configuration under the realm .
true if the entry is expired .
loads the user info into the real file
returns the direction of the active key can be used as a key events .
create a new trace by reading the current span .
indicates if the tooltip will stay persistent on the screen to support interaction within the tooltip component .
makes a date string from the month string . day , year , hour , minute , and second .
handler for the task id that has been submitted .
update the long term prediction
find config value inside the config file .
draws a range marker .
attempt to find if the word length of the word length .
displays the preference label .
read parameters of the authenticate header
converts the specified boolean to its string representation .
test if all the messages sent are being received .
adds + live to the query
gets the contents at the given uri .
check existence of config section element
creates a new instance of posts .
draws an image , applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing . the transformation from user space into device space is done with the current transform in the graphics2d . the given transformation is applied to the image before the transform attribute in the graphics2d state
parse an int array to a hexadecimal string .
creates new form controltower
computes the location on a great circle arc with the given location and arc location , starting from the specified location . this angle uses a spherical ' s starting location , and ' s distance .
initializes the panel with a specified checkbox .
paint the check mark in enabled state .
tries to find a point in the supplied uri where this uri can be safely split into a namespace part and a local name . according to the xml specifications , a local name must start with a letter or underscore and can be followed by zero or more '
write to the log file ( if any ) .
reloads the various attributes
create a dnsrecord with a name , type , class , and ttl .
indents the specified text , surrounds it with brackets and put the content on a separate line .
adds the given element specification to the element list .
expands the hash " spine " - equivalent to increasing the number of buckets in a conventional hash table .
reconnect connection to the connection
gets numbers for a given collection of storage objects .
returns the signature that was built by this signature writer .
returns whether a new listener has the specified name .
reset all components before parsing and namespace context
returns the distance between two circle ( up to the great circle of trust ) .
creates argument with command line arguments .
grows the size of the stack
returns the given string in lowercase
create an instance with overrides
breadth - first search implementation on your graph . it will iteratively : assign current level value to all source nodes scan source nodes neighbor to find the reachable nodes that have not been reached yet compute next level value and consider all the reachable neighbors as the new source
creates the view and analyzes the type
check that the number of arguments passed to this function is correct .
check to see if this signature .
create a new property change .
closes this input stream .
creates a policy tree from configuration
change the volume to create block snapshot .
converts a string denoting an amount of time into a time string . strings are expected to follow this form where # equals a digit : # m the following are permitted for denoting time = hours , m = minutes , s = seconds
detach the app developers
reads notification from the console from the console .
tries to add a download object to the active list .
adds simple line mapping contains similar to the mapping vector for mapping vector to the mapping . adds " " .
verifies if the string is upper case
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
returns the type of the specified string .
checks if the identifier should be a valid identifier .
removes the zeros of the zeros from a string
returns the next random int between 0 and 1
handles the case of updating the week
stores the last used time to the buffer
check if element types are allowed by the given by the given element ( or not . if any .
extract the specified oid from a oid string .
test that a bunch of cards = 0
update the stats for a given class
return true if this file should be shown in the directory pane , false if it shouldn ' t . files that begin with " . " are ignored .
add two numbers of the same length . the first one is negative numbers
adds a keepalive connection .
this method will increment the access count for a column by 1 whenever a column is getting used in query or incremental data load
create cluster policy based on the parameters of the cluster acl .
compares two double values regarding tolerance t .
convert bitmap to byte array
creates new form configurecoerceiveparsingdialog_nb
calculates the log of a base .
api method . edit the entry .
evaluates the uf6 problem .
creates a new file descriptor .
reads next variable length block from input .
adds a run to the workspace .
copies the data from this resolver into a new array .
adds the output sensor to this sensor output sensor .
reads the channel , starting at the channel .
resets the current queue and clears the current queue .
if a value is present , performs the specified consumer with the value , otherwise performs the specified consumer .
send a dim / bright command to the insteon hardware to reach a specific intensity . acts immediately , and changes no general state . < p > this sends " dim " commands .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
reads the next token from standard input , parses it as a float , and returns the float .
creates a new instance of threadpool the scheduler
java . util . arrays # fill ( int [ ] , int , int , int )
calculates control width and creates text layouts
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
always return true since we wanna get all vars in scope
write a single character .
gets a string representation of the string .
sends a plain text message
returns a string object representing this integer ' s value . the value is converted to signed decimal representation and returned as a string , exactly as if the integer value were given as an argument to the method .
remove a thread from the list .
constructs a new node for the given node .
try to read source .
delete the existing license file on disk .
test method that creates a new network environment .
encoding loop on private thread
read data from a input stream .
updates the bounds for the fast scroller .
creates a new dnetscapecapolicyurl dialog .
call the cursor to delete the cursor .
locate the best instance of ' pattern ' in ' text ' near ' loc ' using the bitap algorithm . returns - 1 if no match found .
creates a directory and its parent directories
is operating system windows 10 ?
find all functions of this function
adds the items in the list
returns a list of proxy what the proxy returned proxy .
adds a list of definitions to the existing list of definitions .
adds a new observation with the specified value and group .
play the loop for the stats
read some bytes from the stream .
creates a new ldif entry reader which will read lines of ldif to the provided array of ldif lines .
updates the average information for the default .
remove item at the given position
run the license set of underlying corpus .
add an geo key to the formats .
detects a geo time serie containing the ticks in a gts instance .
do units which dump information .
flatten a boolean [ ] into an xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisbooleanarrayxml ( ) .
adds a group rule to the target
creates a new room for the specified username and password .
called from ontouchevent to end a drag operation .
adds the given flags to this delta .
returns the cert keystore containing the named keystore .
delete last chance to make sure that ' s larger than the given amount .
move all views ( excluding headers and footers ) held by this abslistview into the supplied list . this includes views displayed on the screen as well as views stored in abslistview ' s internal view recycler .
constructs a proxy object .
called from the native layer
inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a name . also adjusts the stack to expect the key ' s value .
copies data from an input stream to an output stream using a buffer of specified size .
test the configuration files option with copying of subdirectory as - is .
adds a new and b with the given timestamp appended to see the result .
serialize ast node including all of qualifier .
adds a checkboxmenuitem to a panel
draws the background for the plot .
push a new frame for this audio stack .
drop an existing full text index for a table . this method returns silently if no index for this table exists .
gets but does not remove the head of the queue .
adds the final ascii processor .
convert a byte opcode into the opcode .
initializes the resource name with configuration information , usally set by the administrators . the main configration information retrived is mainly like wild card pattern used , one level wild card pattern used , case sensitivity etc .
delete an old , free pool entry to make room for a new one . used to replace pool entries with ones for a different route .
convert less than one thousand
indicates if uri represents ssh connection .
change a state to a given state .
returns the label the link label .
comments are attributed to the comment and comments .
read a file as a string
invoked when a processing exception occurs .
checks if the user should have access to the app . binds the service if necessary . < p > note : we can let dexguard obfuscate the string that is passed into bindservice . < p > source string : " com . android . vending . licensing .
closes the zip file and opens any allocations .
returns the index of one of the available operators randomly selected using the probabilities .
creates the list of chunks from a chunk of chunk definitions
this method will convert string to string .
208 * decode the contents of the string into a bytebuffer . 209
removes all of the items from the receiver .
answers a darker shade of an input color .
shuts down the threads , including all threads waiting for shutdown .
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send .
executed when the i / o has completed
write the golomb code of a value .
add a new force function to the simulator .
returns a metric string for the metric and the specified number of decimal places .
refills the sequence with specified sequences .
a utility method to throw illegalargumentexception .
prepare - e . g . , get parameters .
check if the url is already configured .
convert a csv list into an array of strings .
this method will be used to read the byte array from file based on offset and length ( number of bytes ) need to read
the following method prints an error message
internal copy file to a backup . use this before writing out a new version of the file .
push a pair of nodes into the stack . special purpose method for transformerimpl , pushelemtemplateelement . performance critical .
remove the storage system observer from the list of files .
includes the container configuration to the container
creates a new instance of the watchdogtimertask class .
removes users from the people container .
checks to see if the filename matches one of the wildcards .
removes a region from the regions list
a utility function to close an input stream without raising an exception .
starts an element has to be called at the start of an element . dtd .
closes all connected clients sockets , then closes the underlying serversocketchannel , effectively killing the server socket selectorthread , freeing the port the server was bound to and stops all internal workerthreads . if this method is called before the server is started it will never start .
creates a new storage .
calculates the items width and stores it in the renderer state .
opens the camera and starts sending preview frames to the underlying detector . the preview frames are not displayed .
register a breakpoint listener .
updates the digest ( ) to update .
removes and signals threads from queue for phase .
returns an initialized dateformat object .
print the stack trace of the throwable to a print .
checks that the type parameters are the same as the given input .
create a new block .
returns the natural logarithm of the input value
expression up an expression side expression
put a new channel .
deletes all files in a folder
this method reads the contents from the contents of the specified file into the output stream .
releases the underlying receiver . this is only safe to do after the associated thread has completed , which is managed in camera source ' s release method above .
trim all occurrences of the supplied leading character from the given string .
retrieves and removes the head of this queue , waiting if necessary until an element with an expired delay is available on this queue .
checks if a new delay should be run in the future .
submits task to execution pool
adds the attribute selection .
creates the buffer containing any left over bytes .
perform a action values from the action values
channel handler for this channel .
set default config mode flag .
determines if this id corresponds to the ' next ' execution window .
check whether the given class is visible in the given classloader .
removes the response matching the specified arguments .
creates a xml builder .
checks if the specified argument is a valid .
adds an array of strings to the end of string .
remove a card from the card .
test based on some sample data .
a function that generates password - based aes & hmac keys . see generatekeyfrompassword .
return the string representation of the jni ' s value .
filter the child view at index and remove it if appropriate .
check if a declaration has already been made for a given prefix .
adds a message to the logger .
calculates the status of a physical maximum .
sets the set of the given vertices .
release the state for this state .
this method validates that the ddl will represent a valid collection shard
return this as a typedeclaration or throw an unsupportedoperationexception
converts a map of name / value pairs to a map < string > . .
convert the specified charsequence to an input stream , encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
regression test for harmony - 4396
this method removes the entry in the directory and its contents by id .
computes the correlation matrix of a covariance matrix .
adds a new column .
increments the get time accumulator .
check whether the specified saturation is valid or not .
parse a string constant
send a property change of an object to a specific property . the given .
runs the command in a directory
returns the selectable channel .
java . util . date # date ( int , int , int , int , int , int )
creates a mojangson string from the byte array
add a filter to a set of " load filter " .
retries regsetvalueex ( ) max_attempts times before giving up .
parse a date to a datetime object .
test the sort order .
validate the given model with the input data model .
add an annotation to the collection of annotations .
returns the preferred product id is available request during default
check if we can create a directory .
assert the specified values have been received in the declared order . values storage should be enabled to use this method .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
finds the next event time .
prints a float followed by a newline .
overflow condition for a register
post processing on failed authentication .
builds a special case failure with the provided method .
builds a qualifier needed for a qualifier . < p > this method takes into account for a qualifier .
if the param for a key . it finds a key .
removes all registered instructions from this ir .
returns the number of times the token appears in the target .
this method initializes a map of test functions .
builds an estimation instance .
check gml footprint validity
creates a timetable ( network change events file )
compute probit ( inverse cdf ) for expgamma distributions .
generate a pbe based key suitable for a mac algorithm , the key size is chosen according the mac size , or the hashing algorithm , whichever is greater .
the quick assist assistant .
writes a byte at the specified offset from this native object ' s base address .
add a validation error to the validation error .
parses the option options string .
generate the initial client password and password .
builds the underlying lucene
start parsing the lookup .
create a connection to the jmx agent and setup the m [ x ] bean proxies .
runs a random test with the given word .
registers a listener to receive events .
create unique paths to add a unique file name to the well .
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
handles when the keyboard .
set the symbol method is called by the class .
used to have some meaningful info on this object
appends a record to a given vector .
creates a unique new temporary directory under " java . io . tmpdir " .
synchronizes the authentication requirements request
creates an element in the xml encryption 1 specification namespace .
move all views remaining in mactiveviews to mscrapviews .
draw wind on loading animation
checks if we have proxy configuration settings in the properties .
check if the expression is equal to its default static value
parse key - value pairs to map , ignore empty key
use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions to setup the bounds and paints .
makes a new buffer available either by allocating a new one or re - cycling an existing one .
creates a new websiteaddress from | originorhostorpattern | .
test verifies the filter being written for the filter .
resets the pending charges list .
add the pad bytes to the passed in block , returning the number of bytes added .
add a page to the page
returns a string representation of the vector .
inserts a sequence of statements before the start of this sequence when the sequence object is not null , otherwise does nothing .
notify the listener that a callback has changed .
sensitivity in percent to a percent change in the underlying forward price .
reads the contents of httpentity into a byte [ ] .
returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid = & # 63 ; .
rounds a float to the next decimal value .
creates an instance of the specified type .
returns a string describing classifier
is operating system windows nt 4 ?
converts a date to a string with special missing value handling .
determines the size of an component in the given form .
start the index generation .
checks whether an element is same as the given dom element
reads next log message .
appends this node ' s text content to the given builder .
checks if a response message contains a body .
loads the database from the given input stream .
cast a long value to a string
resets this stream to the beginning of the source string .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
implements inputstream . read ( int ) in terms of inputstream . read ( byte [ ] , int , int ) . inputstream assumes that you implement inputstream . read ( int ) and provides default implementations of the others , but often the opposite is more efficient .
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
checks if the specified proxy is enabled .
compiles a language of the specified ldap directory .
remove all of the listeners
create a selectioninputdialog whose combobox can be editable .
builds the underlying lucene suggester
convert a " . " - based fully qualified class name to a " / " - based resource path .
creates a new uri instance of the given unencoded component parts .
adds the specified solution to the population , returning its assigned identifier .
creates a newly allocated data .
create a disk in the specified project .
performs domain - match as defined by the rfc2109 .
disables all the attribute names bound to the specified name .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
generates the instruction to push the given handle on the stack .
generate the multi - part post body providing the parameters and boundary string
look up a key in the given map lookup .
assert that the expected portchangeevents have been recevied , asserting the expected ordering . all events in earlyevents have to appear in actualevents before any event in lateevent appears . events in anytimeevents can appear at any given time . earlyevents , lateevents , and anytimeevents must be mutually exclusive
writes a journal to the output .
creates a recursively node for the property sheet of this node .
decode the length of a byte buffer .
construct a vector by appending one vector to another vector .
reverses ongoing animations or starts pending animations in reverse . < p > note : only works of all animations are valueanimators .
enables audio and send contact
support for reporting changes for constrained integer properties . this method can be called before a constrained property will be changed and it will send the appropriate propertychangeevent to any registered vetoablechangelisteners .
correctness test for the jelinek - mercer lm model .
called when the media received from the media views .
converts the given user to a dto .
generates the statement to drop a non - embedded key columns .
wait for a given file .
override this method to perform to override to the provided data .
project all the files in the specified project
updates a particle position
updates the visibility of tick labels .
returns true if the given position is within the target range .
establish keys , verifies that have been correctly defined in the hash table .
show badge of menu item
put an option boolean value .
determines how much pages added to the target page .
converts a given cell to a string ; no alignment considered .
clone the input vector so that this vector has the same values .
disables bluetooth and checks to make sure that bluetooth was turned on and that the correct actions were broadcast .
creates a regular expression string by a separator .
attach a boolean flag without notifying
split a string without using the separator .
split live ranges on entry and exit to infrequent regions . add this information to ' result ' , a mapping from basicblockpair to a set of registers to split .
test split and join of properties ( using semicolon ) .
removes the object at the given offset from the source array .
build the adapter . the database if it exists .
check if the tab is associated with an activity that hasn ' t been destroyed . this catches situations where a documentactivity is no longer listed in android ' s recents list , but is not dead yet .
creates a new http stream wrapper .
if the file does not all unicode escapes , except it ' s to be removed
description of the method
construct the initial partial hull .
add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
reads a short ( 16 bit ) from the source stream .
prints the number of characters in the specified subarray .
creates and returns a text node for the graph node corresponding to the text node .
determines if the passed uri is inactive .
sends a reply to an incoming stream .
initializes an empty animation .
navigate to child of the tree .
add all messages and their messages to the end of the list of messages .
makes a random cache entry .
swap the current buffer .
constructs a list of window of size windowsize . note that padding for each window is created as well .
draws the description text in the center of the pie chart makes most sense when center - hole is enabled
creates a path using the provided jsonpath structure .
read the group of frames
underlying implementation of add ( array , index , element ) methods . the last parameter is the class , which may not equal element . getclass for primitives .
returns the value of the ith component .
converts the matrix into a single line matlab string : matrix is enclosed by parentheses , rows are separated by semicolon and single cells by blanks , e . g . , [ 1 2 ; 3 4 ] .
constructs a new binaryfile with the specified file as the input . the default byte - order is lsb first . reads start at the first byte of the file .
create an object output stream for this file .
get the set of keys for resident entries .
calculate matrix for fit_center
add the supplied certificate to the certificate list
adds a policy listener .
returns the unique code .
returns a new scripting engine for the scripting language identified by the file name extension .
finds the raw module id .
extract the type parameters from a list of type arguments .
obtains a local day - of the week and day - year
retrieves a codenvy entry from the keystore .
creates a new urlclasspath for the given urls .
min ( ) for unequal bigdecimals
constructs a new selection
concatenates an int array to an array .
change camera position vertically ( up or down )
decodes base64 data into octects
shuts down the executor service by this executor service .
resets the builder to its initial , empty state .
deflate current sam line
split a list of numbers in the range [ 1 , 2 ]
send an error log message
add an addresslistener . addresslisteners are notified when the user selects a new address and when a throttle is acquired for that address
clean a directory recursively .
returns new version of candidate entries .
constructs a new bigdecimal .
collect the property value .
computes the standard deviation of the data set
initialize the openmap bytecode .
inserts the specified element at the specified position in this list . shifts the element currently at that position ( if any ) and any subsequent elements to the right ( adds one to their indices ) .
creates a new instance of a data store .
check if the given item matches the raw pattern .
returns the default value or the default value of the given object
compares the message to last key
render the track and car
converts a time string into a java . sql . time
called internally to fill the given menu . if a sub menu is seen , it will call this recursively .
compute the cross - track distance .
choose an alias to authenticate the client side of a secure socket given the public key type and the list of certificate issuer authorities recognized by the peer ( if any ) .
pdf of weibull distribution
invoice line - charge . - updates priceactual from charge - sets pricelimit , pricelist to zero calles tax
processes all the available listeners .
brokera - > brokerb - > brokerc
writes the full output to the stream .
discards any active baggage currently in this thread
converts the specified leaf token into a token type .
write this packet to an output stream .
registers the given file type with the given extension list .
parse integer and return 0 if integer is integer
returns requestsecuritytokenresponse object based on the data in the input string . this method is used primarily at the client side . the schema of the xml document is defined in ws - trust .
request that the host ( s ) is ready to override this .
filters the items in a list of items .
utility method for formatting using the d conversion character .
draws a connection to the network system .
returns the index of the largest value in an array that is less than ( or optionally equal to ) a specified key . < p > the search is performed using a binary search algorithm , and so the array must be sorted .
add a single symbol to the previous stage .
replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string
returns the number of entries in this list .
returns true if the plane and a piece of bounds .
decode a base64 string into a long value .
returns the smallest ( " bottom " ) n values in the column
calculates the score of the resulting page based on the desired page .
end the current job to the internal data structures .
given a list of file system .
add a string to the end of the buffer .
constructs a new model instance .
unwraps user data to the application buffer .
5 . [ specified ] a flag indicating whether this attribute was actually specified in the start - tag of its element , or was defaulted from the dtd .
checks whether the current access control context has permission to accept .
stores the password by the user .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
delete a child node .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
float value of a small positive bigdecimal
waits for executor termination
refreshes the existing ranges of the most methods in the table .
parses the input string .
asynchronously perform a stream collection
handles the html on a get request .
change the annotation of an annotation . this is done .
remove edge from the edge list .
returns the key associated with a long press .
returns true if at least one of the variables given as argument is a descendant of this node , and false otherwise
writes a given number of bytes to a file .
generate the files used for the class
check whether the specified object is a cglib - generated class .
first , un - rotate image and crop rectangles ( make image rectangle axis - aligned ) . second , calculate deltas between those rectangles sides . third , depending on delta ( its sign ) put them or zero inside an array . fourth , using matrix , rotate
tests fix for bug # 27412 - cached metadata with preparedstatement . execute ( ) throws nullpointerexception .
checks repeated double field equality ; null - value and 0 - length fields are considered equal .
bring the given annotation to the back . that annotation will be drawn behind all other annotations as well as recieve events last .
add a frame to the animation .
print the code point as a string .
attempts to the file so it ' s absolute path .
start ssl shutdown process .
extracts a thumbnail from a source to a thumbnail
write the geotiff file
return a newly allocated event to an array of events .
decodes the passed in der object from the passed in object from its encoding .
process an attribute string of type t_prefixlist into a vector of prefixes that may be resolved to urls .
returns a clone of the estimate .
dump a long value into a stringbuilder .
type character content for the given character
tests for equality , coping with nulls .
returns true if the given mime type has an entry in the map .
skips delimiters in the given document .
writes the data of this class to the given writer .
write an integer value to backed buffer .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
is queue is empty
create a new point .
draws the bottom border of the border around the content area . draw broken line if selected tab is visible and adjacent to content and tabplacement is same as painted edge
emits an add method to add to a list . if the list is null , it is created .
parse a pem encoded key from the provided rsa .
take a publisher and prepare to consume it on parallallism number of ' rails ' in a round - robin fashion .
returns the next recurrence of this rule .
adds the given variable to the map of operations .
converts an url to a simple url string .
read the contents of a file in / proc / [ pid ] / [ filename ] .
calculates the animation duration given the | initialvelocity | and a desired | displacement | .
shows user home page .
normalizes a given value of a vector
determines the height of this view
arranges the components of the specified container according to this layout .
unlocks to allow both puts and takes .
inserts a byte array
returns the mean product of all elements in the log .
creates a new dismiss object .
close the current output stream .
create a synchronization token for a local database .
checks if two objects are equal .
initialize the remote resources .
close inputstream without a exception
make sure that size .
replaces all occurrences of a character in a string .
set the stopping of the buttons from the database .
convert a list of declared types to a list of types .
open browser launch web browser
wait for all of the zookeeper in given state
adds the specified object at the end of this vector .
calculate matrix for fit_center
this method for checking if the given column
creates a new external problem with the specified process .
split a path into a list
formats the video ' s min and media type , as specified by the optional parameter .
returns true if taxonlist is a subset of the given list of taxa .
draws the text of a label
checks whether this map is required to map .
perform an action on each of the active action performed .
prints the thread dump information to system . out .
adds the mapping name to a field in override to clone .
returns the minimum dimensions needed to layout the components contained in the specified target container .
checks if a resource has changed
creates a telurl based on given uri string . the ' + ' should not be included in the phonenumber string argument . if scheme is not present , it will be added .
creates a classification model .
reset any additional arguments to be loaded .
create a new sound
obtains the string representation of this object .
pdf of gev distribution
read short , 16 - bits . like datainputstream . readshort except little endian .
generate the format associated to the codec name
receive notification of an xml comment anywhere in the document . this callback will be used for comments inside or outside the document element , including comments in the external dtd subset ( if read ) .
returns the maximum element of this stream according to the provided key extractor function . < p > this is a terminal operation .
iterates the tuple ( at the given offset .
starts the underlying animator for a set of properties . we use a single animator that simply runs from 0 to 1 , and then use that fractional value to set each property value accordingly .
writes a stack trace of the given exception .
split a string into two center on the given variable name
callback from the launched thread ' s run ( ) . must _not_ be called by any other method , including other spawning .
create management bean for jspace container .
update the table according to the data .
makes the video stop if it is a video window .
remove a timeout event listener
process properties from the old properties file
add a lock object in the table .
utility to grab a random element from an array of strings .
if key is set , update the new mapping .
waits for messages to be delivered .
define a local variable definition .
gets connection from a pool .
tell the user of an error , and probably throw an exception .
invoked when the mouse button has been pressed on a component .
decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end are considered optional , but if any are present , there must be the correct number of them .
applies all the given arguments to the given source text .
returns the set of keys of the key set .
output the content for this content on a specific range .
consumes the specified vnx beans from ad map .
removes the cost of a polynomial .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
appends a java representation of a single character to the script .
prints the bootstrap resource
returns an enumeration of all the option
add the specified int token
filters a set of new sequences .
adds the default platform ident
compares two strings by their relative components .
loads the non - native pdf file from the device .
build a random left - regular bipartite graph .
we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
configures a http request .
convert integer to title string
unescapes the character identified by the character or characters that immediately follow a backslash . the backslash ' \ ' should have already been read . this supports both unicode escapes " u000a " and two - character escapes " \ n " .
processes the given input file .
initialize the replicator configuration .
converts the given double to a localized string version .
implements the abstract method simulatemethod . it distributes the request to the corresponding methods by signatures .
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
return list of boxed bytes as a primitive array .
updates the enabled state of the menu panel depending on whether it ' s is enabled .
tests that cache would keep values if underlying store is full .
formats a list of strings to a comma - separated string
removes a notification listener from this collection .
returns true if the specified number of milliseconds is equal to this region .
cummin / cummax , opcode : ucummin / ucummax , dense input .
given a source directory and a list of module names that possibly contain wildcards it returns a expanded list of module names of modules that were actually found in the given source directory . module names that didn ' t contain wildcards are left alone ( it ' s not
method generated by intellij idea gui designer > > > important ! ! < < < do not edit this method or call it in your code !
report all the contents of a list with a list of errors to timeout .
parses arguments into the provided string argument .
getissuernames ( ) method testing . tests if the method return null in the case of not specified issuers , if the returned collection corresponds to the specified issuers .
starts a running transaction .
creates a pooled data source .
convert degrees to radians , with error of less than 0 . 5 ulp
add a fixed view to appear at the top of the grid . if addheaderview is called more than once , the views will appear in the order they were added . views added using this call can take focus if they want . < p / > note :
return true if the local path is an absolute path .
build the min and field names for all fields for all fields in the provided map .
returns the cardinality ( number of instances )
used internally to split signatures .
writes & lt ; tag & gt ; value & lt ; / tag & gt ; to output stream
write the given bytes to the encoder / decoder .
create a client socket . it ' s .
computes new instance of the batch .
compute the non - zero , parameters .
configures cookie client . set configuration
parse the file into a text file .
return suite running in triples mode against a temporary journal .
load the element from the xml element
create an omraster , lat / lon placement with an imageicon .
starts a group of threads .
this method gets called when a bound property is changed .
returns common pool queue for a thread that has submitted at least one task .
asserts that two objects are equal .
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
return flags as a string , separated by " " .
formats the given object to convert the string .
indent text by two spaces . after calling indent ( ) , two spaces will be inserted at the beginning of each line of text . indent ( ) may be called multiple times to produce deeper indents .
add a child view to this layout .
compile a list of projects .
print out all contact .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
removes all pending callbacks
adjusts the name to avoid name conflicts in the new session and , if the name is adjusted , adjusts the position so the user can see the two nodes .
create a new snapshot with the specified snapshot .
save the relative properties to the correct ) .
returns count of items in the list
force buffered operations to the filesystem .
constructs a uri from the template , substituting in the provided arguments . < p > arguments whose corresponding identifiers are not present in the template will be ignored .
disposes the native resources associated with the given d3dsurfacedata ( referenced by the pdata parameter ) . this method is invoked from the native dispose ( ) method from the disposer thread when the java - level d3dsurfacedata object is about to go away .
handle japanese encoding - by toshimm .
creates a new scannerexception for a file with a message only .
render the normals into a texture .
find all resources by type
calculates the sum of all y - values
release a persistent cookie
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method .
to get an array of all the nodes contained in this node .
finds the tcpconnection given the threadid
estimate parameters from the given distribution
reads a log record from the given input stream .
check all of default xml default xml simply check all other method must include default xml to check . default values . check all of default method to check underlying method without default values . default check method must include all its values . default xml specification ( all other
appends a line to the end of the list .
applies a regex to the text of a textview turning the matches into links . if links are found then urlspans are applied to the link text match areas , and the movement method for the text is changed to linkmovementmethod .
post processing of the process based variable , if needed .
tell if the table contains the given node .
persists new file in the log directory .
clamp a value to be within the provided range .
write an already writte value to writeset
load the given unit .
performs cleanup and bookkeeping for a dying worker . called only from worker threads . unless completedabruptly is set , assumes that workercount has already been adjusted to account for exit . this method removes thread from worker set , and possibly terminates the pool or replaces the worker if
finishes writing compressed data to the output stream without closing the underlying stream . use this method when applying multiple filters in succession to the same output stream .
frees the object . if the free list is full , the object will be garbage collected .
indicates whether the binding for binding .
creates an internal mbean service .
check if the given directory exists .
called to changed to - based cache for a given service type .
start the fill an animation
creates a tagging decorator for the given output stream .
builds the list of messages from the builder and returns them .
stores given short value . alignment aware .
calculates the sha - 256 hash of the given byte range , and then hashes the resulting hash again .
loads a configuration from a url .
apply zero or blank , left or right padding .
put an object into the trie for lookup .
creates the object immutable .
returns the library paths specified by this path .
removes a component listener from this instance .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
returns true if the string is empty .
manifest - - encode metadata and encode ) .
checks if a term is readable or not
sends given response to the socket .
decode the security policy using the specified base64 flags .
causes the current thread to block until signalshutdown is called . this is used by workerthreads which are not actively polling the shutdown field .
adds the specified connection to the list of connections .
returns the distance from the point to the given point .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
converts a string to an integer .
add an item to the chain .
caution : while the background thread should be slowed down , updates of the gui have to be done in the gui thread !
runs the callback on the queue .
returns all files in this specified list .
creates a new dialogue recorder .
generates unique id for requestfuture .
only the latest observation .
add a column name to this projection .
perform an asynchronous min operation
changes to the state .
read fields to display
converts gmonthday object representation to string
add a new rule for the decision list .
returns a random number from the distribution ; bypasses the internal state .
swaps the values in the array at the given positions
load the best set of the value pair from the given data
allows this autocloseable to be used within the closure , ensuring that it is closed once the closure has been executed and before this method returns .
checks if the provided uri is in the list of strings .
load a server , load connections to the server
add leaf to the tree .
processes a " front " of a form ) and return " bits ) .
set the ' content - length ' request header to the given value
draw into the provided canvas . assumes that the canvas has been rotated accordingly and the size has been set . the effect will be drawn the full width of x = 0 to x = width , beginning from y = 0 and extending to some factor < 1
modify lun , export / unexport / expand , etc
copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified target sequence with another sequence .
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
returns true if this object is the same as the other instance , and false otherwise .
creates a new google
adds a tuple without firing a notification .
adds a new layer from the chart .
filter siblings by name and class
emits a put method to put a value into a map . if the map is null , it is created .
compares the two map objects .
provides the right name of the node for display .
parses the json text represented by the event text .
removes a listener from the list that is notified each time a change to the data model occurs
replaces the builder with a new string .
adds a permission recursively to a directory .
run a timeout task .
learn a device using the given characteristics .
returns true if the given type signature is valid , false if it is not .
remainder of division of equal numbers
determines whether the specified action is visible for the given event .
checks the argument string arguments to argument string per second .
randomizes the stored operators .
saves the pixels from the buffer on the sd card .
checks whether the specified file is valid .
remove a class from the list of src classes .
updates the values range .
closes the current scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket .
appends a byte array to the buffer
checks whether there is enough space on sdcard
method to handle cancel button
applies a given attribute to this string .
try to convert a string value .
copy nodelist members into this nodelist , adding in document order . if a node is null , don ' t add it .
returns a z method
this method builds a complete dictionary from the given trie .
record the state of the specified stream
writes the given character sequence .
constructs a new server instance .
creates the instance of tls v1 connection state . all of the security parameters are provided by session object .
returns whether the file is a valid zip file .
performs maintenance on this pool , evicting the connection that has been idle the longest if either it has exceeded the keep alive limit or the idle connections limit . < p > returns the duration in nanos to sleep until the next scheduled call to this method . returns
verbose this class member .
compares two lists , if they ' re equal .
generates a device - and invocation - specific seed to be mixed into the linux prng .
return whether we need to check namespace prefixes against and exclude result prefixes list .
decodes the given base64 string into a byte array .
creates a list of user entities from the given entities .
reads restore header information .
resets this stream to the beginning of the source string .
this method returns a specification for the supplied key . the specification will be returned in the form of an object of the type specified by keyspec .
draw a string with the specified parameters .
compares two percent objects .
get a cloned prdicatednodetest .
calculates the minimum cell rows are outside the renderer model .
adds a source folder to the list of sources .
this method verifies that the workflow methods for the workflow volumes .
kick the ball off , turning the ball over to the common team .
unzips a byte array to an output stream .
calculates kernel value for a given number of milliseconds .
create a secure client socket that is connected to the given port .
prints a byte array to the output stream .
delete all the client from the db
makes the given visitor visit this annotation .
find the index of the key that is not a particular value
returns true if this cookie has expired .
closes ' closeable ' , ignoring any checked exceptions . does nothing if ' closeable ' is null .
utility method to check if a shortcut can be added to the homescreen .
re - sets up label .
constructs a new store with the given schema .
persist a connection to the database
increments the class from the specified url .
get the next seed .
cholesky algorithm for symmetric and positive definite matrix .
encodes the given input stream and returns the result .
parses the title of the title attribute ) .
return the current url of the rule
calculates the ratio of the interesting of this synapse type .
a repository root has been removed . notify any listeners .
inserts a priority queue into the queue .
instantiates empty message for deserialization purpose .
wrap the output group of blocks
parse the sql query .
finds the index of an element in the specified level .
return the number of objects in this set .
consume an tag name off the queue ( word or : , _ , - )
creates a new feature sequence .
removes all listeners from this dispatcher .
decrypts a hexbin string ( handling is case sensitive )
the number of letters in - bin ) approximation
add some additional arrays .
returns the attribute update the interface .
convenience method for decoding data to a file .
queries if the exclusive write has been exceeded .
this function generates a random population of the population .
creates a streaming session that can be customized by adding tracks .
consultar todos setores cadastrados na base de dados
asserts that the expected values can be selected from the test table .
append a single character to this writer .
insert a record at a specified instruction
creates a new stream access - control - list builder .
counts the number of values in the given array .
process the kernel is running on the map .
returns the trigonometric tangent of the input value and second .
description of the method
pops a type from the output frame stack .
delete the attribute value .
push an executing attribute set , so we can check for recursive attribute definitions .
animate to the final position of the stack . unfortunately , both touch - up and fling can be called and this depends on fling always being called last . if fling is called first , onuporcancel can override the fling position with the opposite . for example , if
add a new range with no lower bound .
send soap response body to specified url
replace spaces with " % 20 " and backslashes with forward slashes in the given string
returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
returns the path will relative path segments like " . . " and " . " resolved . the returned path will not necessarily start with a " / " character . this handles " . . " and " . " segments at both the beginning and end of
constructs a new instance of the store based on the supplied provider .
if this object to the operation .
the number of major faults that the process ' s waited - for children have made .
draws the bitmap with a given draws the bitmap gradient
spins / blocks until node s is matched by a fulfill operation .
gets the application ' s iotdevice
start collecting profiling data .
add a callback to be invoked when a swipe event is sent to this view .
method to be overridden by subclasses to read the next object from the source stream .
convert a double array to a sum of magnitude
removes the results of a search from the specified category
adds the given char to the tag buffer . if the tag is already in the stack .
computes the length of a vector .
converts given json object into a map of given type .
create properties for a loner vm
creates the list of things in the panel .
returns the content of the whole row of the specified row
instantiates a new environment .
removes a photo from this user
performs a binary search for the specified element in a part of the specified sorted array .
computes the best matched block i ' s matched block
converts an array to an array .
sends the given event to the underlying executor .
dump the parse stack for debugging purposes .
creates the categories set from the given set of categories
load a jms message listener .
this method uploads a content to upload file .
create a sslcontext for a given socket
format the node , recursively .
server helper method to register a jmx mbean . mbeans are registered by a combination of their mbean interface and the custom mbeanname argument . the mbeanname permits multiple mbeans to be registered under the same name .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream , removing prior exif tags .
sorts the content of this adapter using the specified comparator .
determines if there is a new entry .
appends the json representation of the specified string to the end of this array .
creates a new instance of the variables provided .
set ups the parameters for video capture .
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects .
method that converts a java date to an iso 8601 string
create dom from specified input stream and create dom .
obtains the string representation of this object .
resets the number of messages .
schedule a task for repeated fixed - rate execution after a specific time has been reached .
copies the value of the software attribute from the specified attributevalue .
copy file in assets into destination file
determines whether the other object is a uniform field .
replacement for the math . nextup ( . . . ) method that is only available in honeycomb and higher . dat ' s some seeeeek sheeet .
calculate the direction distance between two keys .
discards any whitespace from a base - 64 encoded block .
create a new selectormodel .
remove a child at the specified index from this list .
given the location of the ' middle snake ' , split the diff in two parts and recurse .
paint the provided painter using the provided transform at the specified position and size . handles if g is a non 2d graphics by painting via a bufferedimage .
find a directory recursively .
returns true if any of the given throwable ( or any of its parent .
write a variable size long .
updates the data to be signed or verified , using the specified array of bytes , starting at the specified offset .
save the state of this deque to a stream ( that is , serialize it ) .
check the initiator for the given initiator of initiator
initializes this instance by chain
sorts an array of strings , returning a new array with the sorted items . the original array is left untouched .
reads a configuration file .
if there is no field with the specified key , then associate the given value with the specified key .
combines the metadata for the results in the input string .
checks to see if the device is available .
helper method for starting code units .
indents out ; writes object ; ends current line .
draws a cubic bezier arc .
creates a new activity with the given attached info .
operation : [ < rn > ] , + / - < rm > , lsl # < shift_imm > address = rn case shift of 0b00 / lsl / index = rm logical_shift_left shift_imm if conditionpassed ( cond ) then if u = = 1 then rn = rn
ends the formal type parameters section of the signature .
tells if there is a digit or a letter character ahead .
gets project name from uri .
add a reference to this core
reset the second line of notes area
adds a new requirements property .
determines whether the point x , y will add a new point to the current pattern ( in addition to finding the cell , also makes heuristic choices such as filling in gaps based on current pattern ) .
creates a new rule tag attribute from the specified string .
or for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is shorter
submit a task to the executor .
subtract two numbers of different scales using mathcontext ; the first is positive
create many rows of ( x , y ) or some params .
writes a single value of a vector starting value to the provided vector .
checks whether the string is empty .
add listener for scrollview .
computes the upc / ean checksum on a string of digits , and reports whether the checksum is correct or not .
gets the callbacks object . if we ' ve been stopped , or if the launcher object has somehow been garbage collected , return null instead . pass in the callbacks object that was around when the deferred message was scheduled , and if there ' s a new callbacks
begin update of the memory in the database .
translates a java2d point on the chart to a screen location .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
reads in a widget from a widget . < p > reads the widget and attributes not modified by widget .
updates the traffic ' s sprite
helper method to write a level of the logger to system .
code taken from com . android . systemui . recents . misc . utilities
reads a single byte from the proxied input stream and writes it to the associated output stream .
add an item / role
decode a short integer from a string .
assume that the graphics has been set with the paint / color needed , just render the shape of the background .
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from the specified key if there was one .
add the supplied editor to this panel to add editor
triggers a list of directories .
creates a new ip interface .
collects the edit proposals in the edit tree .
create a new instance .
ensures that the content provider .
returns map containing the given entries .
it returns whether classifier has been added to the classifier .
changes the first letter of the passed string to upper case .
choose a random index of the array of random doubles .
checks if the given rectangle is correct position on the max page
group all components from environment " component
count the tailing non - newline characters .
spanning is specified in the uncompressed grid number . they can for instance be more than 60000 for the outer edge dock grid cells . when the grid is compressed and indexed after only the cells that area occupied the span is erratic . this method use the row /
checks if this set of rules equals another . < p > two rule sets are equal if they will always result in the same output for any given input instant or local date - time . rules from two different groups may return false even if they are in
construct new description of the state .
adds the given validate db table .
writes object to stream .
sleep for a specified number of milliseconds .
system . out and system . err to system . err
the provided biginteger value is pretty integer array .
determines the height of this view
puts an array of bytes into this byte vector . the byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary .
remainder of division of two positive number
waits until the given spring value and wait until the given input .
creates a new action object with specified content and line number .
returns the number of any links to an end of the target
4b basesec | 2b windowid | 3b operatorid | 3b tupleid
calculates image value of the two rectangle .
moves the current tile position to the next available tile .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
determines whether this entity has at least one entry of this entity
checks if a given intent can be available ( i . e . , is available )
javax . net . ssl . sslengine # wrap ( bytebuffer [ ] srcs , int offset , int length , bytebuffer dst ) exception case : indexoutofboundsexception should be thrown .
send connection to server to remote host
utility method to check is signed .
this method calls proc away and adds a record in database . it also validates the values passed .
find the nearest neighbours within the distance links of the provided start dependencies .
base constructer from a java . util . date object
adds a new value to the series .
obtains all parameter values .
merge intervals with a new interval from the front of intervals . array with the intervals of intervals are equal . intervals of the intervals are equal to start intervals , end with the end of the intervals , in variable . a new interval is always a new interval
format the given type string into a string .
makes a shallow copy of the specified key store with the given password .
use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions to setup the bounds and paints .
pan the domain axis .
after this controller , this step and update the ui controller .
creates a new icon label .
close dialog if closing
populate the vcenter data .
creates a new folder to create image size .
deletes the entry identified by the given alias from this keystore .
create a new leaf with an initial capacity .
prints the clusters for the given cluster
adds a feature to the gui attribute of the e00layer object
removes an existing value from the series .
wraps a stream to the given field name .
checks , if the net line and clearance class p_cl_class can be inserted on layer p_layer cuts
a method that will delete a file or folder only if it is within the ' target ' directory ( for safety ) . folders are removed recursively .
expand the array of the given number of bytes .
query bean should be created if any .
encode a double value with a letter
skips characters . this method will block .
creates the lock file .
handles edit ldap attribute mapping request .
main deletion method . locates node , nulls value , appends a deletion marker , unlinks predecessor , removes associated index nodes , and possibly reduces head index level . index nodes are cleared out simply by calling findpredecessor . which unlinks indexes to deleted nodes found along path to
perform the tasks need for when a swf is loaded .
everything a reply message
writes a number of bytes to the rrd file on the disk
checks whether the filter has changed from the view .
recursively removes any view from the root .
starts the acceptor , and register the given addresses
allows you to set the state variables .
creates method sensor url .
removes the first occurrence of the specified object from the data .
returns a new instance for the user ' s visibility .
find a connect to the distributed system
register a listener for an incoming packet type . the type may be abstract . the listeners registered will be fired in the inverse order that they were registered ; last fired first , and the first fired last ( with the default server handler last ) . listeners that
read in a hashmap from the provided input stream .
mark all tasks as running and waiting for the task .
constructs a new requestparams instance and populate it with multiple initial key / value string param .
checks to see if the user wants to display a file .
instantiates a new scrape task - to update a single datasource
finds the first line . the first line .
clears the specified sensor from this sensor selection model .
returns an array allocated in an area of the java heap where it will never be moved . this is used to implement native allocations on the java heap , such as directbytebuffers and bitmaps .
load the saved file
attempts to wait on the proxy to complete . if a proxy .
adds the message to the collection of listeners .
create a hash from a digest
concatenates a list of int arrays into a single array .
match up a flag to its keys and add to the provided flags . the flag is set to true .
adds allows overriding to handle .
reads a byte array from the underlying input stream .
how big should the nth chunk be ?
returns the tip text for this property
starts a new query not related to a previous class query .
closes the file . this method is idempotent .
get list of device types
clear cached information about the failed object
allows subclasses to implement this edge network .
sorts the list of albums alphabetically sorted by default to sort order .
associate the given value with the specified key .
insert all files in subdirectory subdirectory of directory directory which match filekinds into resultlist
create the edge of the edges .
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
test that verifies that the given test
creates reserve disk cache folder which will be used if primary disk cache folder becomes unavailable
checks whether the given resource has been found on the classpath .
calls the super method and reads the knn distance of this entry from the specified input stream .
creates a new , empty map with the default initial capacity ( 11 buckets ) and load factor ( 0 . 75 ) .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
creates a new connection pool with the specified connections .
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ?
creates a new instance for the default locale .
if we ' re running on jdk 1 . 4 or later , initialize the cause for the given throwable .
construct a new message property key .
creates and enqueues node for current thread and given mode .
regrettably , serializing a treeset causes it to forget its bounds . this is unlike a serialized treemap which retains its bounds when serialized .
paints the border for the specified component with the specified position and size .
restore the check point after the line segment .
reads the bytecode of a class .
returns whether the syntax is supported by this service .
creates a new project configuration object .
converts a chart coordinate spaced shape
adds a new window to the closed
instantiates a new performance logger .
authenticates the provided authentication url to the client url
create a hash from a hexadecimal representation of the digest note that this is in the reverse byte order of the internal binary representation .
does a substring of shorttext exist within longtext such that the substring is at least half the length of longtext ?
returns true if the window is a common run search .
use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions to setup the bounds and paints .
get the real uri of a uri and uri .
internal conversion . this is needed to support the current springboot actuator auditeventrepository interface
add a glue , or variable spacing , to a ui component
checks if the given string is a resource reference ( with a ' : ' )
called by various loader to leave this node
returns an enumeration which contains the subnet mask .
adds property name to the select clause and an " property names .
adds the given interface to the layer .
cuts the string from the first index of provided substring .
returns what the url gets response from the head .
queue contains all elements of queue .
creates a new stream access - control - list builder .
initialize the current user object and update the current user
call the object finalize method on the given object
removes the tv show .
checks the policy policy using the given policy id .
get the size of a class object .
adds the specified object into this vector at the specified location . the object is inserted before any element with the same or a higher index increasing their index by 1 . if the location is equal to the size of this vector , the object is added at the
returns the current age of the response , in milliseconds . the calculation is specified by rfc 2616 , 13 . 2 . 3 age calculations .
internal method to do a request .
returns the array element holding the bit value for the given integer
invalidates the logger and fire the switch .
converts config object to coordinator object .
creates a new adapter .
normalizes the given instance as an instance of a rule .
finishes the underlying repository .
check whether the given attachment point is valid given the current topology
send a notification to all listeners .
constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
returns the pixel data for the specified argb value packed into an integer for easy storage and conveyance .
check to see if the digits that are going to be truncated because of the precision should force a round in the preceding digits .
adds a component to the bottom of the screen
deletes all files and directories in given directory .
create directory that is optionally cleaned up after the jvm shuts down through all its sub - specific directory if it exists .
emit declaration of decoded member and open first chunk .
read cookie section 2 .
merges the specified resource into sets of the given resource
translates a long string to a byte array format .
creates one buffer for the camera preview callback . the size of the buffer is based off of the camera preview size and the format of the camera image .
inserts the given box at the given position in the list of child boxes .
method to create a position of the current position in the several format .
returns a string with the specified padding .
take the make sure the new primary ( default ) and take the document .
add listener to the list of activity .
mute the given username and port
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse . broken out for readability .
overridden to ensure that the cursor for this component is appropriate for the orientation .
returns whether the selection is empty .
writes remaining compressed data to the output stream and closes the underlying stream .
called when a new adapter instance should be allocated a new adapter .
fill a byte array with random bytes
draws a triangle to indicate the presence of far - out values .
sometimes we need to know which class is a jdk class . there is no simple way to distinguish a user class and a jdk class , here we use the package prefix as the heuristic .
applies the specified queries to the set of namedobjects .
check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion along that axis will not count toward the slop check .
create element of indexedendpoint type
put the given file into the destination
provide a string representation of this date / time converter .
test where each operation locks one or more resources . < p > note : this condition provides the basis for deadlocks . in fact , since we have 10 resource locks for each operation and only 100 operations the chances of a deadlock on any given operation are extremely
the spec notes that " the xml - stylesheet processing instruction is allowed only in the prolog of an xml document . " , so , at least for right now , i ' m going to go ahead an throw a transformerexception in order to stop the parse .
returns the contents of this bytearrayoutputstream as a byte array . any changes made to the receiver after returning will not be reflected in the byte array returned to the caller .
parse a string value to a calendar
convert bitmap to byte array .
saves the template with the specified name to the specified file .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
add a composite to the composite .
tries to post processing .
register a module to be reported in the module registry
expands a two - digit string into a list of english words .
locates the first occurrence of a character in the given string .
create a new diagnostic factory .
pops nodes of already explored states from the head of the frontier and checks whether there are still some nodes left .
this test doesn ' t pass on ri ; fails for types . date
checks if is enabled .
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
computes variance for a double .
checks if the user is closed .
sends a location list to a location
serializes an text node .
returns true if the chart with white space
look at the given cluster location in the schema file in the classpath .
checks if is valid .
clear both rendering and picking queues .
advances the next character position in the expression .
specifies the current row / column ' s grow priority . < p > for a more thorough explanation of what this constraint does see the white paper or cheat sheet at www . migcomponents . com .
flush the underlying input stream to the underlying output stream .
generates a label for the specified key ?
remove a graph listener
fade out then stop this audiosource
execute with specified description and stores it msg .
increment the numeric badge label . if the current badge label cannot be converted to an integer value , its label will be set to " 0 " .
creates a new service configuration object .
ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
split a sentence in the word in the phrase .
indicates whether an action has been performed or not .
adds the given string to the complete dictionary file .
i am hoping that a given integer array
tests whether one of choice alternatives has the same identifier or not .
wait for the time is reached .
constructs a date from the given date string representation .
copy file or directory to destination
instantiates a new map .
reads vector of opaque values
encodes a string into its url safe form using the default string charset . unsafe characters are escaped .
tests comparison of different attributes .
increments the number of non - zero requests to the current thread .
creates a method arguments to put the " reduce " java type variable .
constructs a new predicate .
recursively deletes a file that may represent a directory .
sort the sort order .
convert an ofinstructionexperimenter to string form . the string will be formatted in a dpctl / ofctl - style syntax .
add or replace an element type for this schema .
prints the relative magnitudes of the collected timer data to the standard output stream .
creates a copycat client .
adds the utility description .
reads characters until the end character is encountered , ignoring escape sequences .
creates the attribute set to a string .
closes this stream . this implementation closes the source stream and releases the pushback buffer .
this function will install a trust manager that will blindly trust all ssl certificates . the reason this code is being added is to enable developers to do development using self signed ssl certificates on their web server . the standard httpsurlconnection class will throw an exception on self signed
update the total amount of pixels
tests the creation of a dataset ( ambiguous attribute names ) .
update the number of obtains panel .
evaluate the avt and return a string .
reads a single signed file , returning file .
adds a listener to the set of listeners that are sent update events through the life of an animation . this method is called on all listeners for every frame of the animation , after the values for the animation have been calculated .
executes the given channel with the front of the provided channel .
imports a list of subtrees at the given position in the root of the tree .
generates the statement graph statement for the current statement
returns the result of applying a triangle function .
it builds the active slots list for the restricted endpoint .
convert action type to string
gets the provided key .
removes the specified community token .
returns true if types have an explicit type .
continued fraction expansion # 1 for incomplete beta integral .
returns the text or null character is matched input string .
check existence of config section element
this class cannot be instantiated .
determines whether or not this element has no children .
draws a shadow for the specified rectangle .
we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
returns true if all of the characters in the text are permitted for use in xml documents .
interrupt a specified thread .
overridden to avoid implementation dependency .
convenience method that creates a border layout container and places the given component in the north
does an update and return the eventid generated . eventid is caught in the listener and stored in a static variable
load the flow file from the layout . only supports xml serialized flows .
track a file to the server .
evaluates the cf5 problem .
converts all separators to the unix separator of forward slash .
check if the parameter has a parameter with the given name .
returns the amount of time window .
returns true if the given identifier is a reserved keyword .
sorts the given list using the given comparator . the algorithm is stable which means equal elements don ' t get reordered .
handles one or more logic .
check if the task name of the task is an append task has been configured .
return a string representation of the given object .
makes a random cache entry .
find the maximum of all elements in the array , ignoring elements that are nan .
gets the start and end element for a start element
parses a long value from the stream .
removes the instance at the given position from this set .
extracts the access key from the given uri
do one transaction operation . because it will be called concurrently from multiple client threads , this function must be thread safe . however , avoid synchronized , or the threads will block waiting for each other , and it will be difficult to reach the target throughput . ideally
adds an unnamed value to the formatted output .
copy a 2d array , starting at a given index .
changes list for particular url to a particular site .
calculates the union if two ip ranges .
return the vertex to a vertex specified by the vertex
concurrent addition bound to long . max_value . any concurrent write will " happen " before this operation .
start a monitor and process it . this method .
returns the norm of the vector
p_precision - empirical joint .
writes the entry to the stream .
creates a new instance of a closeablestaticbitmap .
reads a label and returns its path formatted in a directory .
adds a converter makes it a copy of another links . if it was added , the input converter will be used .
parse an x . 509 stream to represent a file .
truncate the keys and values assigned to the specified sorted map .
displays the contents of the index .
method to compare user match up in the parameter values which the parameter should be determined by short information .
generate random number of size n directly into num
escape a string to create a valid json string
writes the complete contents of this byte array output stream to the specified output stream argument .
checks the asserts that the given indices of the test for the current relation .
returns an iterator to navigate the elements of the array . since the array is an ordered list , the iterator navigates the elements in the order they were inserted .
if the mouse is moved over the ' mouse wheel and check . if the mouse button .
creates a new folder with a default folder name .
the function name for val parser coverage checking is extracted from the first input
handle a start element .
returns true if this binary object can be ignored .
returns an array of all the data in the given data structures .
loads the workspace screen ids in an ordered list .
render the output stream to the node .
macro : expected : parses s , fmts
checks repeated double field equality ; null - value and 0 - length fields are considered equal .
multiply a new vector by simply normalize
changes the current state of the world to the specified context .
computes the desired distance between two geometry , location . if the segment coordinate system . this is necessary .
records the start time of the request .
check if an user has multi - user defined .
remove all elements from the list .
returns an index for accessing arrays in this class .
loads and deserializes a file
format the given parameter object into string .
tests the bug # corner preparedstatement . this test for take two tables should be detected does not return false
using the trigonometric unit circle , calculate the positions that the text will need to be drawn at based on the specified circle radius . place the values in the textgridheights and textgridwidths parameters .
force buffered operations to the filesystem .
method called to try to expand shared name area to fit one more potentially shared string . if area is already at its biggest size , will just clear the area ( by setting next - offset to 0 )
add a request property bound to the digest of the request .
updates the member ' s member address .
is table client level only
convenience method to decrement this trigger as a runnable .
handles actions from within the property panel .
serializes the given object to the given object .
resolves a module name to a ijavaproject .
creates the instance of tls v1 connection state . all of the security parameters are provided by session object .
receive notification of the beginning of an element .
adds a certificate store to the list of certificate stores that are used to find certificates and crls .
creates a new narclassloader .
returns the basic block indicated by this node .
returns types for types in another type , given the binding types .
check if the user points the touch points to the view .
tests whether a single filter is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains the same filter definitions .
create an actual edge
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
creates an instance of this text area with another .
pads the string at the left with the specified character until it reaches the desired length . if the string is longer than this length , then it returns the unchanged string .
ask whether we support a given dom feature . in fact , we do not _fully_ support any dom feature - - we ' re a read - only subset - - so arguably we should always return false . or we could say that we support dom core level
atomically removes all of the elements from this queue . the queue will be empty after this call returns .
reads a quoted - encoded string from the reader .
outputs confusion matrix in an csv string
subtract two positive numbers of different length . the first is longer .
assigns an object value to the dataset at the given seed .
writes a " int " value to an outputstream . the value is converted to the opposed endian system while writing .
checks whether this iterator has been open .
same as performfind but now returning a list instead of an iterator extra parameters viewindex : startpage of the partial list ( 0 = first page ) viewsize : the length of the page ( number of records ) extra output parameter : listsize : size of the totallist list
generates a string representation of the element .
closes this writer . this implementation closes the target writer .
initializes this static object with the context of the calling activity .
check equality of two objects for equality .
writes a boolean to the target stream .
trains the training set .
test de busqueda open ldap con atributos
creates a new instance for the default locale .
returns the integer values that is no overflow in s .
append the contents of another faststringbuffer onto this faststringbuffer , growing the storage if necessary . < p > note that after calling append ( ) , previously obtained references to m_array [ ] may no longer be valid .
writes a varint write ( int .
queue a previously loaded load , running the specified callback
checks whether given object is available or not
invoked when the mouse has been clicked .
release a message id that was created id and release serial .
remove a change listener .
exports a snapshot of the current request log object .
url decodes the given string
thenacceptboth result completes exceptionally if either source cancelled
convert a string representation of the string
test meta data functions that return result set .
adds the specified collection at the end of the array .
resets the current file list and add new value to the file list .
initialize a new composestate .
overridden to create the tool bar .
parses a date value . the formats used for parsing the date value are retrieved from the default http params .
construct a new regular expression filter with the specified flags case sensitivity .
this method is a thin wrapper around the database .
counts the written bytes .
encodes a string using utf - 8 .
retrieve the generic database tables with a raw modules .
convert a string from the specified symbol .
parse a string into a float
create an instance of the specified java content interface .
called by the user to create activity for https password .
force memory to be allocated by this memory cache . this memory is intended to hold the memory .
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
compute the enlargement obtained by adding an object to an existing object .
intersect this clip with another region . as a result , this clip will become the intersecting area of the two regions .
returns whether this value can be parsed as an integer .
adds a new waiter to wait queue .
removes all of the elements from this list ( optional operation ) . the list will be empty after this call returns .
strips the trailing magnitude
assert that two lines are equal .
associate a warning message with the specified exception .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
returns the encoded form of a prefix / etc entry .
clears the password expiration warned time .
returns a locale with the most - specific field removed , or null if this locale had an empty language , country and variant .
append a representation of the time zone of ' calendar ' to ' buffer ' .
remove listeners from this organization .
return a string of spaces .
show a hidden dialog using the offset and display .
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
the kernel function ( kn ) . this function performs the outer loop character - wise over the first input string s .
open connection to the datasource
emits a method to clear a list or map . clearing the collections ensures that the collection is created .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
start listening for bug .
adds the specified method
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list . if addfooterview is called more than once , the views will appear in the order they were added . views added using this call can take focus if they want . < p > note : call
load a driver from the driver .
add a document to the lucene search index .
add a command to the hash map .
prints that the column is an auto increment column .
save the shared data from the db .
main worker run loop . repeatedly gets tasks from queue and executes them , while coping with a number of issues : 1 . we may start out with an initial task , in which case we don ' t need to get the first one . otherwise , as
write the block light to a buffer
cas waitstatus field of a node .
execute a fulltextsearch from the request parameters
returns the next token if it matches the specified pattern . the token will be both prefixed and suffixed by the delimiter that is currently being used ( or a string that matches the delimiter pattern ) . this method will block if input is being read .
add a new operation duration to this class . total is updated and calls is incremented
paint the background of an editable control .
adds attributes default values to the service schema .
return canonical form . pmusgrave - put a space between products ( preserves format of header )
returns if the snapshot has been modified since the last load wait for .
retrieves all the supplied data structure associated with a single resource .
helper method used to decode short unicode string , length for which actual length ( in bytes ) is known
makes a class to be used in the generated code .
push an import href onto the stylesheet stack .
returns a string representation of the key map .
sort the data set in ascending order
add an array of events to the end of the array .
adds a marker to this log with the specified name .
replaces a with b in c .
this method will be invoked when the current page is scrolled , either as part of a programmatically initiated smooth scroll or a user initiated touch scroll . if you override this method you must call through to the superclass implementation ( e . g . super . onpagescrolled (
enables or disables the right button , so that it matches the current member variables .
wsptypedecoder test , decode string appid test
removes all children actions ( separators as well ) from the group .
check is a file is writable . detects write issues on external sd card .
instantiates a new assistant .
validate a set is used successfully
rotate transformation about the x axis
starts a factory service using the given instance class .
notify the reader of available data
create the assignment to set of constraints for the given method constraints .
returns the index of the specified character array
constructs an instance with the value present .
constructs a new consumer with the given topic factory .
this is not quite complete - we should follow up on the chain , a bit tricky if a certificate appears in more than one chain . . .
create a string representation of the group .
translates this vector to an initial vector in the 45 vector
called by the ui thread .
this method calculates size of the menu .
adds a pending displacement attack to the list for this phase .
turn an array of resource - colors ( contains resource - id integers ) into an array list of actual color integers
test file copy with overwrite and replacement tokens .
generate a nonce of the current message using random data .
add a listener to handle memory leaks .
selects another tuple expression
writes a number ( zero , zero , .
add a message to the list
starts the executor with the given container .
convert a date string to a java date object
accept the scan into the log records .
loads the latest version of the certificate for the given extension .
start processing given node
produces a string representation of the date in sql format
clearbit ( int n ) inside a negative number
compare to a number of an greater scale
read an integer value from the input stream .
cancel auto - in search .
after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center , post - rotation .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
specify the proxy host name .
verifies that the setter methods are compliant with the naming convention .
extracts element at current take position , advances , and signals . call only when holding lock .
get a random , positive float
extracts a bind to a stored approach from handling and convert it to monitor , otherwise retrieve it to monitor marked even legal ( variable ) .
resets the input box .
learn a device using the given characteristics .
returns the length of the zero data .
adds a forward reference to this label . this method must be called only for a true forward reference , i . e . only if this label is not resolved yet . for backward references , the offset of the reference can be , and must be , computed
get the version of the mqtt device
counts how many times the substring in the string s .
add a new image to the old icon image
read stream fully , returning contents in a byte array .
searches for common string using a search string .
validates cache order configuration .
executes the loop thread .
removes the environment variable from the environment variable .
calculate the mininal number of instances required to achieve a score as high as the given scorethreshold for the given lambda
returns the value on the top of the stack .
tests fail : always returns false . exceptions and tests on non numeric fields fail , feature only partially implemented . missing : test positive result
returns the index of the last directory separator character . < p > this method will handle a file in either unix or windows format . the position of the last forward or backslash is returned . < p > the output will be the same irrespective of the machine
utility method to determine whether the given point , in local coordinates , is inside the view , where the area of the view is expanded by the slop factor . this method is called while processing touch - move events to determine if the event is still within the
test that we need to be able to destroy itself . this test does not .
returns the bounds of the specified type with the specified bounds .
delete entity from the base uri
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
create a new authentication header and return it .
adds a new region to the list .
checks the cached cache and saves the cache
returns the number of unprocessed tokens remaining in the string .
read xml file to a temporary file .
is all user cached
execute a runnable in a thread .
send next message to network from network
use onsizechanged instead of onattachedtowindow to get the dimensions of the view , because this method is called after measuring the dimensions of match_parent & wrap_content . use this dimensions to setup the bounds and paints .
adds an attribute selection to this field .
returns the session token for the given token .
the root mean of the squared error function .
write data to given in data buffer .
create a well - known identity details for some business patterns .
rotates the subtree so that its root ' s left child is the new root .
byte compaction mode ( see 5 . 4 . 3 ) permits all 256 possible 8 - bit byte values to be encoded . this includes all ascii characters value 0 to 127 inclusive and provides for international character set support .
updates the enabled status of the manual control .
adds a recorded value .
the graphical representation of a series .
checks a class signature .
select an authentication id from the given an id .
reads the contents of the found properties
adds a new project entry to the project ' s root entry .
creates a new source from a url object
adds a new zoom listener .
tests whether a single servlet is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains the definition of a servlet with the same name .
extracts the regular expression , returning a single regular expression .
sets the flag that indicates whether all objects are finalized when the vm is about to exit . note that all finalization which occurs when the system is exiting is performed after all running threads have been terminated .
adds a new spider to this map .
registers a batch fix for the annotation which is only available on a batch range of text within the annotation .
creates a new file entry in the directory created .
runs the test case .
the start of an element .
dump the window hierarchy into a string .
register a observer for changes
sends a heartbeat to the heartbeat .
writes message to to the output stream .
initializes the ssl engine .
creates a new instance of the source chain
instantiates a new parser .
setbit ( int n ) outside zero
this method will convert string to string .
method to draw one line at the specified point .
save a model in koml deep object serialized xml form .
sort the remaining quicksort , starting at the given span .
split the data set by distances .
drops a prefix from a path if it exists , slashes .
publish to a topic on an endpoint .
removes the given object from this list .
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by all the elements of the second stream . the resulting stream is ordered if both of the input streams are ordered , and parallel if either of the input streams is parallel .
compares the values of actual and expected .
attempts to force a query to be failed authentication .
fetch the user details for the user credentials . a token or password is required to validate the user .
stops the given event handler .
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
the implementation for pushmessageasync ( ) function .
write data to characteristic , and send to remote bluetooth le device .
joins the path to the given element name .
reads an xml file into a list
removes the element at the specified position in this array . shifts any subsequent elements to the left ( subtracts one from their indices ) . returns true if the element was removed , false if no element is found .
send a stream ' s bytes from a byte [ ] .
sorts the items in the list by ascending order by sorting .
return true if entity can be used .
updates the path condition
test with a journal on which a single index has been registered with random data on the index .
returns true if the given loader is contained in this path .
returns a string of a new sub subject
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
go to the next source iterator
convert bitmap to byte array
inflate a name to a dotted prefix
add a warning event handler .
readobject is called to restore the state of the propertypermission from a stream .
prints a string to the stream , encoded as utf - 8 with preceeding length
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
writes an attribute to the output stream .
translate attributes that describe an attribute matching rule definition into the string description as defined in rfc 2252 .
writes remaining bytes to the socket .
skips the annotation member value at the current position in the specified byte buffer . the cursor of the byte buffer must point to a " member_value structure . "
transfers a nested sub - collection of nested .
generate serial game for the third
awaits the next http request , removes it , and returns it . callers should use this to verify the request sent was as intended .
converts the location of a column to a number of columns .
finds files in a directory matching the given directory matching the filter .
generate a sql for dropping table .
register listeners to all listeners .
returns whether the specified scroll is out of bounds
this method updates the set of values corresponding to a dimension .
reduce the instructions for a given instruction .
checks if the certificate is locked on the others .
if deltay > 0 , trytomove the content down
compareto ( biginteger a ) . compare two negative numbers . the first is greater in absolute value .
delete a point at a list of positions the polygon will position .
removes the input cursor to the ui from the input text .
cumulative density , static version
read the given file into a dataset .
generate the native guid format as storagesystem + serialnumber + port + wwn for storgeport objects
returns true if any of the paths are equal according to the same as the temporary path .
creates a new string reader .
returns the array element holding the bit value for the given integer
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
update the synth style .
ask all children to measure themselves and compute the measurement of this layout based on the height of the view .
block until wait for another thread invokes the method .
adds a field to run the multi match against with a specific boost .
return a string formatted as format
initializer for property types .
the numbers here are 0 to maxsensors , not 1 to maxsensors .
parse the supplied string value as a number .
samples the probe ' s next sample .
apply each of the given macro attribute to the given map
creates a principal using the specified password and principal name .
adds an annotation to the given tag ( if this is present ) .
gets a text descrption of the result producer .
process provided list of packages to process .
check if we have enough information
parses the given path string as a rfc 2396 .
makes the given variable name available .
read the reading the central files from the pdf file . the sequence .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
check if a media type specified by the argument is supported .
export the dependencies for the dependency list .
todo this is a temporary workaround for https : / / bugs . eclipse . org / bugs / show_bug . cgi ? id = 83600 and https : / / bugs . eclipse . org / bugs / show_bug . cgi ? id = 85293
returns network availability status .
generate a random string with fixed length
creates a list of expected partition value entities entities .
returns a string representation of the stack .
registers a runnable in the local memory leaks .
writedata - - output this modbus message to dout .
extracts the hard reference from the soft / weak reference given
formats a long value . for example : input = 1234567 / output = 1 , 234 , 567 .
removes the contribution of the given addon
copies method call to the output stream .
write part of an array of bytes .
check that the given status does not exist and .
handle request sent with a wrong binding
checks that all required states are in the given state .
sort a movie list by means .
creates a new key parser delimiter .
poll this topic for statistics
creates a file to be used for starting a directory . if it tries to be created directory .
calculates icon that is closest to the vertical axis in reference to the current icon . example of the check order for keycode_dpad_down : [ ] [ ] [ ] [ x ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ 5 ] [ 1 ] [
returns true if the edge and the cell ( including boundary ) intersect .
create a tree for deciding what keys can legally be typed .
displays navigator state information in the status overlay views .
returns the name of ruby class for the given typeref .
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
creates machine in all states .
computes a quantitative , linearly scaled layout .
clear listeners from the listeners
reads the default serializable field value for this instance , followed by the registrar ' s service id encoded as specified by the serviceid . writebytes method . verifies that the deserialized field values are non - null .
returns a right - pointing triangle of the given dimenisions .
lookup a terminal by name
given a layout a block only options .
modifies the hint for the entire roster hint , as well .
escape all the regular expression in the regex pattern .
constructs a char buffer with the given initial string
updates the ui state for opt out promo .
creates a new value of a given array of bytes .
remember to clean the is_new flag
tell whether the so is extracted .
finish all common templates .
display a gui message with the specified
dynamic initial . called by setup
dispatch a directory and its subdirectories , including setting the directory itself .
lays out springs that have a baseline along the baseline . all others are centered .
reads the int value from the json array for specified index
add a property change listener
removes a dependent preference on this preference .
validates a storage policy selection object .
returns a description of the classifier .
create a new array from the given collection of elements
creates a new formatter for the specified formatter .
computes the node hierarchy of the node hierarchy .
creates a string representation of the float argument . all characters mentioned below are ascii characters . if the argument is nan , the result is the string " nan " . otherwise , the result is a string that represents the sign and magnitude ( absolute value ) of
get the position of the line .
constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
adds a new frequency
parses an element with the given parser .
gets the interval for a given interval between a start and extends the time interval , overlap for the interval .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
runs the test case .
determine if the expression consists of a numeric type .
tell the user of an error , and probably throw an exception .
create json object proxy request for the json object
runs the test case .
download the given file list and the size to the local .
handle a set of attributes , converting to handle .
adds all the uids to the given collection .
create a panel containing a certain graphs listeners
copy source fields target
call to cluster to cluster membership probabilities .
converts all separators to the unix separator of forward slash .
return the passed uri as a string .
creates an appropriate kernel .
initialize the vertices initialize the vertices used by the runtime graph .
setup the model managed by the specified id .
add a file extension to the file descriptor .
remember the expanded state of the tree view .
the uri to convert polar stereographic to follow to represent structure to follow the appropriate values .
checks if the specified object is in the set of elements .
returns true if we have sufficient values .
called when a connection closed .
processes xml schema from xml schema .
push a new record onto the set the document .
returns the version of the directory server .
sequences a bounded linearizable query .
expunge stale entries from the table .
convenience function . operates on a list and returns a list containing all elements but the first .
create a list of integers consisting of the ranges defined by the provided argument e . g . . createranges ( 1 , 4 , 10 , 12 ) means create ranges 1 through 4 and 10 through 12 and should yield the list : 1 , 2 , 3
tear down after testing .
called when an undo is being moved .
recalculates the submitted tasks at the specified moment in the routing .
adds a document type to the document .
checks database metadata to see if a table exists . try upper , lower , and mixedcase , to see if the table is there .
runs the test case .
returns the next token sequence of the provided .
shared implementation for update tasks .
tries to find the maximum interval , at least one occurrence of the two given a substitution and the range as above ]
checks if the given file exists .
reads the bytecode of a class .
add a new cookie to the page that is being used to the start of the named path of the remote file already being displayed .
the graphical representation of a series .
converts internal representation into an actual string .
writes a list of objects into an long array .
returns whether the specified attribute is defined .
show stage to target
removes all mappings from this map , leaving it empty .
removes the key ( and its corresponding value ) from this map . this method does nothing if the key is not in the map .
test copy of an stream containing exactly one byte more than a full block of data .
runs the test case .
convert a byte [ ] containing the hexadecimal integers .
evaluates the cf2 problem .
helper method for sends a request to the specified file .
helper method to add a http headers to the client .
add a long listener .
output a blank line
returns a string containing details of the time series of
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
create a new client .
convert a string to uppercase .
returns true if this is required .
returns the string representation of this vector .
add a number of degrees to the target
draws the selection rectangle .
determines the height of this view
construct a new exception with the specified root cause .
returns true if the initiator object contains all of the given initiators .
handles thumb selection and movement . notifies listener callback on certain events .
construct a trie chain .
plus ( mathcontext ) for a positive bigdecimal
test negative number of radix 24
converts an antrl and ast into a filter or filter .
displays a panel in a frame .
construct a jsontokener from a reader .
reads a sequence of 8 - bit bytes from standard input ; compresses them using ttt codes with an 8 - bit alphabet ; and writes the results to standard output .
uses the given tokenizer .
compute the arc offset needed to compute the maximum height of a pixel at its preferred location .
adds the all keys / values from the given named resource bundle to the defaults
called when the display
formats the value as an rfc 3339 date / time string .
extract the methods of the class from the given class file .
add server address into redis for application server
removes the item from the list .
to avoid multiple partitions sizes in the list of elements .
returns true if the destination block is valid .
sorts the pools in the list .
add a single overlay to the overlay overlay
creates a resource path for the given classpath .
check if the literal is newer than the requested version
lists the command - line options for this classifier .
performs escaping of special xml output . < br > < br >
perform the actual input
finds file to find a file name .
compares the results of the control and cloud clients .
get a list of element objects for the given xpath expression .
create a new context from the current context
collapse all the rows of the rows .
add the given player name into the replacement list .
removes a vetoablechangelistener from the listener list for changes . if a vetoable is registered for all outstanding removes a propertychangelistener
constructs a new real .
iterates the list of arguments in search of the target server launcher command .
a method to edit a bookmark .
calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
converts a unicode escaped string to a string .
creates the bounds of this view
records the size of successive runs of white and black pixels in a row , starting at a given point . the values are recorded in the given array , and the number of runs recorded is equal to the size of the array . if the row starts on
finds a method with the given arguments in the given list of arguments and arguments .
does the first character in the source string .
decode the contents of the characteriterator buffer into a character buffer .
create new containers for active lun
add a point to the list of segments .
load org access role
test similar to above , read - an array of bytes as a source file .
generates a certificate object and initializes it with the data read from the input stream instream .
converts safely an object to a string .
generates the last 6 bi - months where the last one is the bi - month which the given date is inside .
adds the counter to the counter portion of an inserted list .
add a sms to the given uri
runs the test case .
should never be called .
compute the sound for a sound file
expunge stale entries from the table .
runs the given resource in the list of running threads in the given resource .
report a vetoable property update to any registered listeners . if anyone vetos the change , then fire a new event reverting everyone to the old value and then rethrow the propertyvetoexception . < p > no event is fired if old and new are equal and non - null
the full copy files available .
removes the given connection list from this panel
paints a region of a given point on the given point .
converts all separators to the windows separator of backslash .
helper to translate a string to a pending request .
return a trie with infrequent values occurring in the given trie removed .
installs the provided listener as if the provided handler for subsequent callbacks to the current thread .
closes the shutdown sequence . this method is idempotent .
creates and persists a new storage entity with an attribute .
display the info line associated with a label .
writes a formatted string to the console using the specified format string and arguments .
tear down after testing .
verify signer ( string , identityscope ) creates instance with given name and in give scope
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
send a stream ' s bytes from a byte [ ] .
invokes the specified method if it exists .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
new instance , based on the supplied pattern . uses the whole matched regex as the entity text .
removes the loop from the loop
bind an item to a list of items .
add two positive numbers of different length . the first is longer .
adds new values to the series
method to return a date instance which is exactly numdays days before the point in time designated by the input date
returns the number of capacity specified capacity .
decodes base64 data into octects
calls the super method and writes the conservative and progressive approximation of the knn distances of this entry to the specified stream .
put the data in the given map into the buffer .
paints the border for the table .
add a constraint to the spring , along axis .
on the start point .
combines the data segment .
commits the given resources . this schedules the resources for each operation .
check if a common implements the about the serialization .
compares two sessionid objects for content equality .
check if the player ' s status matches the specified player .
add a field with the specified value without any validation . only appropriate for headers from the remote peer or cache .
returns a string that is the number of header names in this split .
this can be overridden by sublasses to mark a certain value as constantly non - null .
remove a item of the list of the adapter
creates an instance of recyclerview view bean .
returns true if this channel is alive .
fills and returns an arraylist with neurons governed by the specified node type .
returns the angle between this point and another point .
fire all neuron events .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
utility method to convert a certificate object into an x509certificate object .
handles a change in the current selection .
parse the terms input
format the given string into a given string .
sets the builder with the specified server id .
execute db operation on the given template .
gives a new instance of the base value
add a new cookie to the cluster
recursive jumper as described by jps algorithm
create a datasource from an inputstream
parse a string value to the required type
adds a new limitline to this axis .
readdata - - read the function code and data value
extracts buffered data into the provided byte [ ] array , starting at position bpos , up to a maximum of bavail bytes . returns how many bytes were actually extracted . < p > package protected for access from i / o streams .
deflate current sam line by replacing all fields that equalovershorterofboth previous line by an ampersand
returns an array containing all of the elements in this queue , in proper sequence . < p > the returned array will be " safe " in that no references to it are maintained by this queue . ( in other words , this method must allocate a new
adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
runs the test case .
generates the pie polyline and draw a color .
fetches the metadata for the given table .
encode the header into a string .
reads bytes from the socket .
flush the specified task .
creates a new page with correct page
and for two positive numbers ; the first is longer
overridden implementation of createnewexportmaskworkflowforinitiators for vnx . the difference with this implementation and the superclass ' is that here the creates will be run sequentially .
compares two percent objects .
override to allow for colons in the id without urlencoding them .
reads a signed 16 - bit integer , byte - swapping if necessary .
loads the reference database from the database .
extract a phone of a phone .
removes the node at the head of the frontier , adds the corresponding state to the explored set , and returns the node . leading nodes of already explored states are dropped . so the resulting node state will always be unexplored yet .
checks if the given path is a file
determine whether the given object is compatible with the current class .
instantiates a new zookeeper server port .
creates a new instance .
reads in a set of path characters as a file in hdfs .
add other information for easier formats .
sets current barrier generation as broken and wakes up everyone . called only while holding lock .
filters according to type .
send a log event .
writes the stack trace of the given exception to the given output stream .
this function builds a writer builder . the proper output stream is created with a custom .
produce a string from a number .
put an image element
creates a new thread values object .
adds additional parameters to the discovery .
see if this ap pod should be triggered
inserts all of the elements in the specified array into this list , starting at the specified position . shifts the element currently at that position ( if any ) and any subsequent elements to the right ( increases their indices ) . the new elements will appear in the
reads bytes from the file .
send an error log message
calculates the score of the song given the play counts
remove a scanning callback .
paint / copy background to component
samples the probe ' s next sample .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
check whether the database
shut down the job service by letting current tasks run to completion but accepting no further tasks .
determine if the given character can be at the beginning of a proposition symbol .
prints a 2 - dimensional array of doubles .
returns the index of the first occurrrence of the pattern string in the text string .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
returns a string representation of this vector .
returns a string that is a string .
clears out the transactions from operation to avoid a delay .
query the list of arguments in an application context .
starts the underlying animator for a set of properties . we use a single animator that simply runs from 0 to 1 , and then use that fractional value to set each property value accordingly .
retrieve the region needing to be redrawn
creates a new sort specification that sorts on the given fields , all in ascending order .
returns true if the current file
starts the intent to start service
deletes a resource configuration defined by the passed resource name
create a new act .
remove next file and returns it ' s size
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
this will create all the dialog .
generates a random float between two limits . both limits are inclusive .
this constructs an instance . < ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
perform a range search on the kd - tree .
handle a start element .
connect to the broker .
checks the reference to a type in a type annotation .
add a new tracer to the set of features that should be added to the final commit .
grow an empty array of entries in the correct order .
reacts to a specific value on the map .
test that we can fully initialized when there are empty .
construct a new graph .
trim version string if it is not a version
queries the inventory . this will query all owned items from the server , as well as information on additional skus , if specified . this method may block or take long to execute .
compute the log probability for a given interval
reads the contents of a file as a string .
constructs a new instanted model editor from a bayes estimator wrapper .
saves data and writes it to disk . if exit is set , program will exit after save completes . complete indicates whether the user has marked the isntancs as complete . if updatedsavename is non - null , the instances content provider is updated with the new name
flatten a map into an xmlserializer . the map can later be read back with readthismapxml ( ) .
returns true if the key was observed .
generates the challenge token .
set the instructions in basic blocks and set up into dependent blocks .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
java . util . sleep .
serialize a value into a single object .
this is a way to remove a request by number
callback function when heatmap generation has failed
inflates a persistent cookie
gets the raw byte offset from the start of an object ' s memory to the memory used to store the indicated offset .
add an string at ( x , y ) coordinates
writes a number of bytes to the rrd file on the disk
concatinate the iv to the ciphertext using array copy . this is used e . g . before computing mac .
sets the timestamp of this timestamp .
creates a new package .
returns the edge whose first two coordinates are p0 and p1
attempts to acquire the specified key , and lookup .
resolve an issue as being active .
decodes data from base64 notation , automatically detecting gzip - compressed data and decompressing it .
execute a database command according to the details
distinct aggregate function which update the distinct set
turns a java message .
checks whether an entity given by name is an element in the dtd of the document .
flush any buffered messages .
encode text as utf - 8
this method processes events .
adds the given value to the digest
executes a task on a thread and stores the task .
serialize to a byte buffer
load the asset file
make a string representation of the field separator has the given number of times the given field will be integer .
process incoming touch events
returns a string representation of the bit set .
build the next record counter .
compute the smallest component of two integers
writes the entire contents of this byte stream to the specified output stream .
removes a listener for the treemodelevent posted after the tree changes .
creates an instance of the host name from a host name .
adds a parameterized view to the stream .
copy data from the given recorder into the given buffer , and append to the complete recording . public int read ( byte [ ] audiodata , int offsetinbytes , int sizeinbytes )
sets the persistence store .
method to set the entire state .
gets hash code for a given object .
parses a string which should be parses a template initialization .
save the camera from camera to the camera in screen ( in degrees ) to " save the image .
a function to find the minimum of two values , but ignoring any double . nan values .
allows the mbean to be added to the server .
matches a string of a pattern ( e .
returns a string representation of the given annotation value , suitable for inclusion in a java source file as the initializer of a variable of the appropriate type .
returns a new bytebuffer sized .
adds a new value to the series .
this method validates the collection attribute list .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
put a string in the buffer .
an external entity declaration .
instantiates a new observation .
creates a class descriptor representing the given field signature .
this method validates a getimagesresponse object , raising an exception if the response reflects an operation failure .
schedule a task for repeated fixed - delay execution after a specific time has been reached .
draws an ellipse with given semimajor and semiminor axes , centered on ( x , y ) .
discards any whitespace from a base - 64 encoded block .
change the cursor for the new cursor
explicitly flushes the writer
determines whether the given class can be accessed from the default implementation .
the format of this native guid is computesystem + ipaddress + port
an aes key derived from a base64 encoded key . this does not generate the key . it ' s not random or a pbe key .
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster . the x and y coordinates specify the horizontal and vertical offsets from the upper - left corner of this raster to the upper - left corner of the subraster . a subset of the bands of the parent raster
recursively ensure that a depth .
returns a random integer from a poisson distribution with mean & lambda ; .
build a comment string .
determine if the keyboard is available in the directory .
iterate over view formatters
checks the key value against a string .
returns true if the sensor is shutdown .
initializes the storage elements of the tree .
draws the arc at the given position .
metodo de utilidad para formatear fechas .
decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end are considered optional , but if any are present , there must be the correct number of them .
constructs and animgameitem instace based on a md5 model an md5 animation
creates a message digest .
creates the gui elements of the component .
merge sort . < p / > time complexity : o ( n log n ) space complexity : o ( n ) ( also needs o ( log n ) stack space as it is recursive )
copies all default access level info to the target list .
put a byte buffer into the buffer at the current position .
dispatches the response then cancels itself .
take the string arguments to request .
removes the provided view from underlying recyclerview .
consume a css identifier ( id or class ) off the queue ( letter , digit , - , _ ) http : / / www . w3 . org / tr / css2 / syndata . html # value - def - identifier
test against the " void generateseed ( byte [ ]
serialize a xml document to the output stream .
creates a new activity with the given attached info .
roll back the file .
a method to a multi - string representation
writes data to data
positions the map . the sensitive should be used to figure out which the map is also visible to the link .
searches in this vector for the index of the specified object . the search for the object starts at the specified location and moves towards the beginning of this vector .
returns whether an undo is possible , i . e . whether there are any undo points saved so far
inserts the string representation of the char argument into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then inserted into this string buffer at the indicated offset . the offset
return true if the local path is an absolute path .
calculates the destination directory for the copied file .
on controller when project is available
called when the mouse is clicked on a component .
figures out the initial heights for a given width / height .
update the priority - ordered list of visible tabs .
tostring , leveldatatostring and walkgraph methods to implement explorenode interface
request metadata for specified node .
scrolls to the next notification .
calls the super method and writes the knn distance of this entry to the specified stream .
adds a new relation from the node given as argument to the current node .
initialize a database connection .
get list of volumes
associates a read object with the its serialization handle .
add an extension header to this map .
merges this frame with the given frame .
process the given command string .
scroll to confirmed position of child
update property changes to the default value .
removes a set of services from a set of services .
expands the cluster to include density - reachable items .
getdoublearrayelements : get all the elements of a float array
parse the next token , returning the segment .
prepares ( allocates ) a set of transfer buffers for use in transferring data from the tuner via the bulk interface
output the left and right positions .
add payment amount to the payment
attempt to register any unregistered extension namespaces .
removes all objects from this object
deletes the display name of a existing user
returns the new type node corresponding to the type of the given declaration including the extra dimensions .
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
wait for any nonzero waiting for the specified cache to be cached .
binds a callback to lifecycle events
returns paths list index of given path or - 1 if not found . note : use indexof ( string , string ) for path inside jars
destroys the volume . delete the volume .
computes a set of curves using the cardinal spline approach , but using straight lines for completely horizontal or vertical segments .
checks the transitions to see if it valid depending on a given device .
converts an array of bytes to bytes .
calculates the approximate height of a text , depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls ( e . g . inside drawing methods )
generates a " zoneset " zoneset
writes the signature block in a given array of bytes .
calls invoke and throws a runtimeexception if it fails .
builds a sql select query based on a sql statement .
starts the animation given as parameter .
check if the key is a uri .
receives data from the device . returns after the given timeout even if no data has been received .
adds a handler for use in the current channel .
runs the test case .
send bytes to the connected outstream .
returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
creates a list containing the elements of the specified collection , in the order they are returned by the collection ' s iterator .
reads the contents of httpentity into a byte [ ] .
add a ` argument ' argument .
translates given bytes to string format .
create a new uris for the namespace uri .
this prepares the known points matrix for ordinary kriging
deserialization object from file .
to check if the segment is merged or not .
generate a pbe based key suitable for a mac algorithm , the key size is chosen according the mac size , or the hashing algorithm , whichever is greater .
add emojicon group list
updates the end of the measurement .
returns true if the path is a relative ordering .
adds view to specified cache . creates a cache list if it is null .
generate a list of units from the table .
returns an automaton that accepts the given automata .
list data listener contents changed method
checks the relative frequency and saves them in the database .
create grid values from the specified set of default values .
reads the property from a safe serialization format .
javax . net . ssl . sslsocket # sslsocket ( inetaddress address , int port , inetaddress clientaddress , int clientport )
convert the user input into a string .
returns the stamp bits for resizing a table of size n . must be negative when shifted left by resize_stamp_shift .
read a byte from the input stream .
returns the number of bytes
indicates whether this client ' s emote to be ignored .
returns true if the name of the property is allowed .
read a file . the next element can be read from the xml file .
create a zero number from a sign and an array of zero length . the sign is 1 .
accept a file descriptor for the specified file descriptor .
creates a new instance of reading .
send a fatal error log message
report download progress through the database if necessary .
returns a new document backed by this document .
set up a triangular
handles add request handler request .
draws a data point at a given coordinates
generates the instructions for a switch statement .
add a set of items to the queue
parse the metadata for the metadata columns .
locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy .
creates a session from the given bytes .
add a dump file to dump file
creates a date using the ordinal date format . specification reference : 5 . 2 . 2 .
writes an attribute to the output stream .
tests whether the specified number is in the range
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
converts a collection into a list of objects .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
sets the aliases that will be associated with the index when it gets created
adds a new table to the database .
encode a byte array into a string .
removes the specified listener
puts all views in the scrap heap into the supplied list .
this method is fired after the tab has been opened and placed in the tab controller .
main scheduling implementation class .
format a given object with the front of one or more objects .
parse vector from a vector from a base64 string .
this will return a string describing the classifier .
creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the first stream followed by all the elements of the second stream . the resulting stream is ordered if both of the input streams are ordered , and parallel if either of the input streams is parallel .
test for correct check mark in native cache peek modes , in case of a local cache .
called when the menubar is a part of a beancontext , and it is added to the beancontext , or while other objects are added to the beancontext after that .
decode the data source properties from xml .
returns the next available token .
adjust the height of the time is the upper the table . adjust ) .
volume will be recursively till the volume uris are reserved volumes .
parse a format string .
returns the number of elements in this deque .
updates the index buttons state of an index buttons .
returns a string that will be used within a valid url .
wait until all the entries to be called when all objects have been added to the wait time .
creates a text object from a plain text .
continues a multi - part transformation ( encryption or decryption ) . the transformed bytes are returned .
send an error log message
creates a new instance of this interface
update the sql statement with parameters .
returns true if the lock is in this policy .
runs the test case .
returns the hash code value for this object .
add a new action to the list of actions .
add distinct entry to list
display a file on the request .
store the location in the app preferences .
returns the point2d ' s current projection .
compares the specified object to this list and return true if they are equal . two lists are equal when they both contain the same objects in the same order .
produce a comma delimited text row from a jsonarray . values containing the comma character will be quoted . troublesome characters may be removed .
remove a table from the database .
returns whether the given category is contained in this category .
determine if the passed volume is a source volume for any consistency group full copies .
tests two anova ( )
runs the test case .
performs an entity maintenance security check . returns haspermission = true if the user has the entity_maint permission .
test of possible characteristic ( ) method
to be called when explanation is presented to the user
simple puts the thread to sleep for the passed duration .
prints a string followed by a newline .
reads a single character buffer .
parses a byte in the input stream .
callbooleanmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns a boolean value
will this program block in a program block into a program block .
test if the root directory
test the double [ ] for doubles with b
check whether this map is registered with the given name .
operation : [ < rn > , + / - < rm > , asr # < shift_imm > ] case shift of 0b00 / asr / if shift_imm = = 0 then / asr # 32 / if rm [ 31 ] = = 1 then index = 0xffffffff
return the class with the given name .
waits for the right action to be notified when this speed changes have been exceeded .
byte compaction mode ( see 5 . 4 . 3 ) permits all 256 possible 8 - bit byte values to be encoded . this includes all ascii characters value 0 to 127 inclusive and provides for international character set support .
tests whether all components of the test geometry are contained in the interior of the target geometry . handles both linear and point components .
helper method to create an object out of a simple composition file .
creates a endpoint with the specified hash .
parses a value of the form .
constructs a dataset containing a single series ( more can be added ) , tied to the default timezone .
special purpose function to see if we can optimize the pattern for a descendantiterator .
returns a list of the given elements , in order .
this is to implement memory allocation in the array . like malloc ( ) .
adds an attribute to current element of the dom document .
create a new directory
draws the interiour of an ellipse .
multiplies the range on the domain axis / axes by the specified factor .
refreshes the challenge counts .
creates an identity table .
gets the image data from a pixel data
returns true if device can be used on a cached policy .
current soft limit in bytes on the rss of the process ; see the description of rlimit_rss in getrlimit ( 2 ) .
adding a new row with the totals
fills the stack trace of the specified buffer .
indicates whether a midi file of the file type specified can be written from the sequence indicated .
makes this object immutable .
return real number uniformly in [ 0 , 1 ) .
modifies the configuration object .
creates an setup instance .
attempts to cas - increment the workercount field of ctl .
override to change items to be displayed list .
determines if the given path is a windows slash .
process an attribute string of type t_char into a character value .
creates a child element with the given name and appends it to the element child node list . also creates a text node with the given value and appends it to the new elements child node list .
true if the posting involves two or more organizations
creates the attributes of this node attributes .
de - binary file
multiple solutions where an empty solution appears in the middle of the sequence .
adds the given term to the set of conditions for this condition .
switches the underlying output stream from a memory based stream to one that is backed by disk . this is the point at which we realise that too much data is being written to keep in memory , so we elect to switch to disk - based storage .
remove the indices in the interval index0 , index1 ( inclusive ) from the selection model . this is typically called to sync the selection model width a corresponding change in the data model . note that ( as always ) index0 can be greater than index1 .
rebuilds the event list .
creates a new disk factory for the given see class .
deletes all directories and subdirectories in a directory .
put a byte array into the buffer .
mark all reserved values as required by the given bitset .
register a default instance . this method registers a unique .
processes a response that requires authentication
releases the byte array .
this class empty action .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection according to the supplied eventsetdescriptor
draws a range marker .
initializes the api control .
obtain locks for order . note : lock files ) .
and process packet from inputstream to buffer
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisstringarrayxml ( ) .
used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent .
treat different names for the same e - mail case
creates a new sql ddl .
stores the stack for the given exception
creates a elf formatter
reads data from the given url .
checks the current recurrence validity for checktime .
create a new network and get an id
convert a long to a human readable form .
creates an intent that when the intent will be stopped
returns true for a static method .
checks that the cache ' s ) returned string is equal or not .
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
parses the given string and replaces all occurrences of ' \ n ' , ' \ r ' and ' \ r \ n ' with the system line separator .
decrypt key ( does not use salting , so the encryption result is the same for the same input )
called by the root .
checks if the ip range is in the version of the shared version range to happen " if not shared version ) .
fills the grid based on positioning the new selection at a specific location . the selection may be moved so that it does not intersect the faded edges . the grid is then filled upwards and downwards from there .
locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy .
this is called by the nested wrapped line views to determine the break location . this can be reimplemented to alter the breaking behavior . it will either break at word or character boundaries depending upon the break argument given at construction .
returns the simplex from an empty line .
inject content from the provided script file .
check whether charsequence c is empty .
turns a settings string value into a boolean value .
notify this object that it has been deregistered as a listener with a source for named event . this object is responsible for recording this fact .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
the code that does the real work of lookup . as a special case , if the template specifies at least one service type to match , and there are multiple items that match the template , then we make a random pick among them , in an attempt to
returns true if the current instance of this task must be run after at least one task in the task manager queue . the criteria for determining what value to return : if the task list contains any registerlistenertasks , other lookuptasks , or notifyeventtasks associated with this task '
generate a key based on the data .
gets copy of this array .
delete the given path .
parse the content of the given url as a provider - configuration file .
instantiates a new group .
searches the given string in the format of a file .
update the known attachment points . this method is called whenever topology changes . the method returns true if there ' s any change to the list of attachment points - - which indicates a possible device move .
removes several files from a logix . < p > package of the given offset during removing it .
formats a double value into a string
cuts the string from the specified string .
escape a string to create a valid json string
answers a sortedset of the specified portion of this treeset which contains elements less than the end element . the returned sortedset is backed by this treeset so changes to one are reflected by the other .
check the how much of the given time limit
indexes the given field of the provided tuple instance .
iterates from this number down to the given number , inclusive , decrementing by one each time .
parses the docuemnt element for this object .
this method works around the bizarre semantics of bufferedinputstream ' s read method .
inserts fullscreen information into a list .
gets the contents at a given location from a url .
adds a new item to the adapter ' s list .
copy acl share copy volumes from one or delete acl file to another .
parse the entire input
deletes all photos of a existing user
this method creates a new instance of a parsed properties object .
creates the channel selection object
compute the mean of all elements in the array with given indices . no missing values ( nan ) are allowed .
returns the current depth of the tree .
setup and run a test .
export text from file
returns list of file cos ids
monitor the specified task .
invoked this to insert newchild at location index in parents children . this will then message nodeswereinserted to create the appropriate event . this is the preferred way to add children as it will create the appropriate event .
return the probe ' s next sample .
writes the contents of one file into a csv file .
validates the authentication tag is marked with the authentication tag
returns the mime type for the given extension .
update the cache with this binder
removes new line character from a string .
creates a new dom document builder .
remove a dted directoryhandler to be used for the dtedframecache .
adds a new file provider .
writes the entire contents of this byte stream to the specified output stream .
read from input to establish our buffer of " parse ahead " lookahead symbols .
the method returns a subset of the variables that can be found at the specified depth .
writes the header for the git csv file
called when the view navigates .
define a new task
replace all occurrences of the regular expression with the replacement . the replacement string can contain $ 1 , $ 2 etc . referring to matched groups in the regular expression .
applies all of the elements in the database to the local datastore .
adds entries to the passed in map , using the supplied appname as the key . the value is provided as the key . if it does not contain the old value . the new map is null .
start housekeeping for a child thread managed by the launcher ' s housekeeping , but not spawned by the launcher itself , e . g . comet , websocket , keepalive .
the graphical representation of the labels on the x axis .
base64 - encode the given byte array from an utf - 8 string .
decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end are considered optional , but if any are present , there must be the correct number of them .
returns whether the specified object equals to this finite field .
take the number of task
makes a new object immutable .
loads the binary data from the given input stream
helper method used to use only .
adds additional parameter to the query builder .
consume all the messages .
processes session change request .
override the equals method . two coverageintvdts are equal if and only iff their respective table , attribute and value members are equal .
submit the given file into the task .
adds multivalued option to arguments .
or for a negative and a positive numbers ; the first is shorter
check if activity is activity
called when the timer should be started .
determines if the passed url is an absolute page .
write the current row for a table .
send a string to the multicast address .
initialize the tokens from the token .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
returns a string representation of the bean .
does the work of getting the path .
generate an array of spanned items representing the history of this connection .
adds a binary signature entry
check if the next item is the string .
convenience method to de - serialize a byte array back into object form . < p / >
constructs a new interval .
true if a settings with the given key is true .
creates a new empty instance of items
bind the specified stream to the current thread .
map the map layer , zoom , and the map buttons .
return the probe ' s sample as a sample from the distribution .
evolves the specified permutations using the pmx operator .
extract a span between begin of span .
register the current dialogue state and store all pending animations .
return true if delay exists
push boolean value on to the spacepreserve stack depending on the value of xml : space = default / preserve .
registers default device types supported by default
returns the close the component .
creates a new input stream reader .
server helper method to define what the proxy messages .
return a string representation of a decoded canmessage
returns the maximum example example .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
get the hash code of a tracer object . this hash code is based on object identity . this is used in tracerpool to create a hash table of tracers .
returns a deep copy of this iterator . the cloned iterator is not reset .
enable / send the cache
returns true if the given key is a private key .
get the padding of the given byte data .
sets the rotation angle , in radians , of all 2d rotation planes added to this builder .
writes the given container config / settings into the file .
converts the specified double to its string representation .
see specification gbt 18284 - 2000
create a record representing a data producer .
creates a new started server .
carry out a lookup in the cache with the given parameters .
adds a new condition to this condition .
read a byte buffer of the length of the buffer , and return it .
tries to find package and load the package name in map .
prints msg and exception to system . out .
fetch the srdf protected target virtual pool uris .
creates a nsdata object from a file . using the files contents as the contents of this nsdata object .
compute the cardinality ( number of set bits )
converts the provided string literal .
get the real uri from the cookie " domain " and " path " attributes , if they are not set then uses the uri provided ( coming from the response )
send an info log message
add not null entry to list
creates a new keystore dialog .
pretty printing accumulator function for longs
replace substrings of one string with another string and return altered string .
helper method to insert a simple date into the given preparedstatement .
removes an event listener .
run a messages with the process
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
this method deals with the fact , that the decoding process doesn ' t always yield a single most likely value . the current error correction implementation doesn ' t deal with erasures very well , so it ' s better to provide a value for these ambiguous codewords instead
readobject is called to restore the state of the socketpermission from a stream .
get the index of the blocks
constructs a lockablefilewriter with a file encoding .
appends the text description of the method output .
decodes data from base64 notation , automatically detecting gzip - compressed data and decompressing it .
url safe version of the url .
parse a value into a float array .
a locale independent version of touppercase .
writedata - - output this modbus message to dout .
adds environment variables to the environment variables
creates a new character class for each character of the specified string .
notify the listener that an event .
returns the next regular expression from the matcher .
remove a service node from the node list
converts the encoding to a string .
initializes this static object with the context of the calling activity .
adds a content items .
receives a 64 - bit request .
calculates the minimum and deals with the minimum value .
emit the output stream until the task is available .
rotate theta degrees about the x axis
creates an empty instance of the watchdogtimertask class .
scale the given rectangle to center .
returns a unprintablecharhandler parsed from the given index code strings .
determines the height of this view
checks if the id is null ( or matches the null_uri ) .
update pending counts and the pending list .
returns the range of values the specified values .
creates and displays the title .
returns true if a network link is connected
remove data for position
only used for a certain channel is from it is based on the offset is based on the offset .
apply matrix to handle the image inside the image view .
add a listener to be notified when startup is complete
quietly closes given resource ignoring possible checked exception .
run a new file .
creates a des encryption key from the given key material .
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 9 and annex b , b . 2
checks that the given string is a valid type descriptor .
create a new binding for the javascript .
generate text content of the text content .
scans the xpointer expression
adds new line to output file .
constructs a new string buffer .
size of the set
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
methods for starting asynchronous execution . the child process inherits all environment variables of the parent process . result provided to callback handler .
returns the range of y - values in the specified dataset for the data items belonging to the visible series and with x - values in the given range .
creates a new instance of the watchdogtimertask class .
check to see if the the attribute set contains the given attributes .
updates zoning information in the unmanaged export mask for a given set of initiators and storage ports .
wait for the period
move the selected cells in the table .
returns the modified number of arrays .
read binary data from the input stream .
indicates the number of components making up this identifier .
round ( bigdecimal , mathcontext ) when precision = 0
collects statistics according to a count of datapoints to be considered ' s algorithm
returns the string representation of this vector .
returns the public key selector from a string .
generate the internal sorted hashmap for tags . please note the partition tags should not be included in the result map .
called when a shape of shape is being used , and used for the shape of the shape .
return the given hex to a string of two characters .
adds a graphic to the overlay .
returns the string representation .
performs the native wgl flip operation for the given target component .
add a property restriction on this preference
initialise google analytics immediately so it will catch all sorts of errors prior to easytracker onstart . also makes sensible exception stack traces if you want .
called when the animation is moved .
create a new service id .
put the namespace ' mousedown ' m ' element
adds a finally clause for earch return statement .
returns the next xml meta token . this is used for skipping over < ! . . . > and < ? . . . ? > structures .
check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion along that axis will not count toward the slop check .
encode a list into json text and write it to out . if this list is also a jsonstreamaware or a jsonaware , jsonstreamaware and jsonaware specific behaviours will be ignored at this top level .
reads color table as 256 rgb integer values
update the last modified time .
push an import href onto the stylesheet stack .
add a certificate to the keystore .
returns true if the file needs to be loaded .
draws the chart legend .
returns a new repository definition .
disables all buttons in the interface
check the given string is a number .
write a string to the output stream .
add a switch port to the quarantine queue . schedule the quarantine task if the quarantine queue was empty before adding this switch port .
this method will sort the sort order .
add a feature in the specified feature
converts a string into a bit value
sort the mounteds , according to skip according to the comparator .
writes a writer to the writer .
sets executor to executors . newfixedthreadpool ( default_pool_size ) and handler to new handler ( )
check if the method is fully qualified name .
creates a password reset exception object .
returns the union of two arrays , null safe .
checks if state is in state changes .
execute a single node from the given dom .
returns the largest ( " top " ) n values in the column
grab the method signature from the signature
returns a new set of all series from the specified array .
returns the size of the nodeset
returns the next element counter
encodes byte value as hex .
repeats the specified input array to accumulate a number of elements .
replaces all occurrences of several class names in the class file .
handles return to agent configuration page request .
creates new grid exception with given throwable as a cause and source of error message .
return the distance between this vector and another vector .
called when a test run has been run .
returns the authorization challenges appropriate for this response ' s code . if the response code is 401 unauthorized , this returns the " www - authenticate " challenges . if the response code is 407 proxy unauthorized , this returns the " proxy - authenticate " challenges . otherwise
converts the given session to bytes .
creates a new instance of a circuit .
verifies the certificate using the specified certificate and returns the correct cert .
creates password based on the encrypted password .
returns the number of columns in the array .
reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte [ ] .
return a byte array containing the formatted output .
wrap a proto in a checkedmessage and compute the checksum .
scales an icon and height and half of the display object .
installs a sound defined by the passed resource .
returns the number of fragment references in a single phonetic string .
get the encoding value a glyph given its name and a name table .
transform source bitmap to targeted width and height .
scores a collection of waypoint results .
returns the current time in milliseconds since the epoch , or a mocked out equivalent .
send a verbose log message .
encode single double dimension
stores long value with volatile semantic .
runs commands and return output
draws a line of radius r , centered on ( x , y ) , from angle1 to angle2 ( in degrees ) .
prints a double followed by a newline .
write a 16 bit unsigned value to the out stream
map a sequence of extracted sequence into a string , where each character .
add a button listener .
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
fills in the xmlattributes object .
create a properties for the properties for this " properties .
copy the contents of a file into a byte array . the file is closed after the copy .
de - serialize the header of configuration file
transforms a list of the assertion will transform an annotation
runs the test case .
check if all permissions have been assigned to the user .
fetches charset from cache ( store from cache .
paints a portion of a highlight .
adds a control to the list of mandatory controls .
add new add to the filesystem .
recalculate the derived color from the uimanager parent color and offsets
returns string representation of oid . note : it is supposed that passed array of integers contains valid oid value , so no checks are performed .
grows the size of the stack
called when the thread should start reading .
adds a cached span to the in - memory representation .
determine whether this uri is equal to another object .
clears all the children in this list .
validates a dns name for format
reads a comment string .
find the next character in the string backslash .
try to extract the content type from the url header .
used for testing - - input is a full csv line : < freq , domain , ip , ts , opt : generic >
connects this socket to the server .
does the http header to cache
collect the active ivr preferences
get an empty immutable array .
inner method for non - optional nodes that are distinct .
return a printable representation of the string .
returns a hash code value for this object .
deletes a category with the given graph .
reads the contents of a reader into a list of strings .
adds cache context cache .
returns true if the specified method can be overriden method .
ordering by name so operations can be sorted on name
returns true if the underlying resource has changed .
creates a new image from a given location of the given black image .
tests whether the version conforms to the given version .
creates a pooled data source .
finds an immutable case - qualified object addresses in the set .
scroll current item to center .
adds the specified object at the specified object .
removes a word from the list .
add two numbers of different length and sign . the first is positive . the second is longer .
called internally when the item of item , removing it first .
calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
invokeany ( c ) returns result of some task in c if at least one completes
creates a new package .
closes this stream . this implementation closes the filtered stream .
create the blockobject blocksnapshot data and write data volume data .
start the server , associated with the rule is configured . this operation can update .
appends the json representation of the specified string to the end of this array .
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list . in other words , removes from the receiver all of its elements that are not contained in the specified other list .
forwards caught exceptions to input stream .
clears the results from the list .
returns a string representation of the collection , containing the string representation of each element .
check if value within allowed range .
replace a string with another string with a specified values are replaced ) .
find an element of a qualifier / lon - 1 structure among name . . .
returns true if this datasource
parse an xml configuration file and return a string .
empirical unconditional hilbert - schmidt dependence measure for x and y
creates default file paths
notifies the event to let the event queue is dispatched or not .
choose an alias to authenticate the server side of a secure socket given the public key type and the list of certificate issuer authorities recognized by the peer ( if any ) .
process the image and add it to the image
creates a new instance which will process the given file path .
load the error message from the user .
load the default excclude patterns for java / ant
removes the argument argument from the specified argument .
description of the method
constructs a new instance .
method used to create note ' s text / format
make sure that the transaction ids in the given messages are not 0 and differ between each other . while it ' s not a defect per se if the xids are we want to ensure we use different ones for each message we send .
addes the next node in the list .
callback for the config dialog
read utf counted string .
add the given list
reset all internal state to be at the top of the grid .
calls super . nexttoken ( ) and prints out a string representation of token type and content .
returns the repaintmanager for the specified component .
returns true if the port is known to be established .
checks if a xml character is well - formed
writes the buffer to the buffer to the underlying input stream .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
removes wheel clicking listener
adds the given section to the list of sections . sections in the medusa library usually are less eye - catching than areas .
calculates the preferred positions of text that determines whether all whitespace is contained at the specified location .
adds all the values in the given vector to the end of this vector , expanding its capacity as necessary .
special purpose function to see if we can optimize the pattern for a descendantiterator .
reads all data from the input stream .
add a matching rule in the canonical mime t form such as " image / * " or a mime t literal such as " text / html " .
validate a number is a valid biginteger .
send a thread stop watch buffers .
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
convert a string array to an array list of strings .
gets the charset of the charset used to generate this media type .
convert a positive bigdecimal to an engineering string representation
removes all mappings from this hash map , leaving it empty .
adds a layer definition .
read the specified file of rules .
applies updates to the word set being managed by this resource .
draws a text label .
writes characters to the buffer .
removes the episode from the specified file , starting from the offset .
creates an operation to assign a value to an array of the given type
fire an event to all listeners .
sets the type for the given access check field type .
expunges stale entries from the table .
returns true if the text is a numeric numeric character .
tells whether a given type is a char
construct a key from its encoding . called from newkey above .
convert a calendar to a java . util . date
return whether the client is currently configured ?
creates a new image file panel .
write the text and append a newline ( using the platform ' s line - ending ) .
returns the node at the specified index .
if there is a security manager , makes sure caller has permission to modify threads .
get the value of the function for the given value .
given the string and a method from the array of quotes , and returns null , then the string is removed .
returns whether a namespace is defined
a shallow clone requires cloning the attributes but not the child nodes .
creates a new dbasicconstraints dialog .
static version of lastindexof .
create a new longcolumn .
read log records ( in fact does nothing )
purges one entry whose wrapped key has been garbage collected .
checks whether the user has permission ' convertermanager . alterintervalconverters ' .
returns true if they are equal .
adds a new value to the series .
check if size ( a ) = = size ( b )
constructs a specified change from source to destination .
called on this file
dispatches to lucene ' s simplequeryparser ' s newprefixquery , optionally lowercasing the term first or trying to analyze terms
creates a call from stmt s to sootmethod m
start or stop soon file .
returns the logarithm of a number .
deletes all files in a folder
validates that the string is not empty
clear the current context .
convert object to a list of type java . awt . collections .
attempts to verify that the user has stored in the given username and the username .
the operation to create an operation and update its own interface .
creates a new certificate that uses the given certificate ' .
decodes base64 data into octects
creates a new network interface .
closes the underlying stream .
rotate vector counter - clockwise in x - y by an angle .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
gets the contents at the given uri .
adds a mapping from the specified fieldnumber to the specified data , replacing the previous mapping if there was one .
paint the border of the component .
this method removes the business transaction configuration from the configuration .
adds a point to the sample .
add a tag id to the tag
constructs a new instance of a secure server socket .
attempt to match the host runtime to a capable platform implementation .
ordering a set of all adapter ' s from the specified root .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
the number of vertices that need to be run together .
serializes an expression to a node .
initialize the internal frame iconify button settings .
return a workflow . method for resync
remove a data source listener
returns a substring of the given string , representing the ' length ' most - left characters
clear the name of the block chain
reset class for data class .
adds grid stop to the grid .
adds the folder of the last template loaded as a temporary relative reference . this can be useful if we need to resolve other references that are ( or could be ) relative to the previous loaded template .
print the full text , cdata root
draws a horizontal bezier path through the canvas .
adds new event to the event queue .
create a database schema .
initializes the panel for the board .
hbase table connection callback function
add primitive type abbreviation to maps of abbreviations .
initialize the tree map .
find and return the replicator directory if it exists .
construct a datasource from a string .
recorded internally via reflection .
appends the string representation of the float argument to this string buffer . the argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then appended to this string buffer .
execute a file on the main thread
used to check destination track to see if it will accept rolling stock
close the stream , flushing it first . once a stream has been closed , further write ( ) or flush ( ) invocations will cause an ioexception to be thrown . closing a previously - closed stream , however , has no effect .
removes the given path from the given path .
returns a random method
records the provided to host and record .
call before start up your own service start of this service .
invoked if the computation completes successfully
starts the cassandra method that is capable of the given class .
appending the data in the last byte array .
parses the template parameters string .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
called when creating a custom tag
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg image , removing prior exif tags .
check to see if an image already exists
returns current nanosecond time .
removes a file extension from this file filter .
retrieve list of namespace declaration locations active at this node . list is an suballocatedintvector whose entries are the namespace node handles declared at that id . % review % directly managed arrays rather than vectors ? % review % handles or ids ? given usage , i think handles
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
adds the specified observer to the list of observers . if it is already registered , it is not added a second time .
close a bytearrayoutputstream passed in .
calculates the distance between the given integer and the given cluster .
format a value with field format .
adds a key - value mapping .
releases an instance injected as a result , or null if the value is empty .
converts list of alert entity objects to list of alertdto objects .
evaluates the pool of the pool .
adds a group properties listener .
this function edits a global edge comment which is associated with the provided function .
load the element from the xml element
clear any existing session .
checks if the entry exists in the directory .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
initialize jni field and method ids
returns the hash value of a fully qualified name .
process notification of the start of an xml element being reached .
check type of section element defined by key . return true this element is string
this function createas multiple partition regions on nodes specified in the vmlist
static method to define the appropriate values array , using the standard and method . sorted by 3 .
report product version information from ant .
build an ordered network with different neurons .
check for equality of the two characters sequences starting at the specified index
divide zero by a negative number .
returns an enumeration of the permissions .
add the given node to the set of " tight " nodes .
called by the event is disabled to disabled
creates new denvironmentvariables dialog where the parent is a frame .
transforms the matrix to the project the root rectangle .
convert the escaped function to a string .
return a string representation of this object .
sets the listener that receives session change events .
check if the host count is greater than 0 . if not , it will not be used .
converts an long time to a path .
it ' s stats need to use for stats which need to be a ping times out
prints a user entry page . the displayed contents .
connects to the native socket .
check the given string is allowed to be accessed
handles an append request failure .
selects the most suitable preview and picture size , given the desired width and height . < p / > even though we may only need the preview size , it ' s necessary to find both the preview size and the picture size of the camera together , because
reads all available rows from the given cursor and returns a list of new imageto objects .
decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a string .
convert a map of attribute types to lower case
makes the given visitor visit the annotations of this instruction .
create a list from passed objx parameters
reads the next part of the related file
whether the stack is enabled for the multi - line options .
computes the non - quantile values from the distribution .
translates a datasource into a target java language .
draws a grid radius
find the minimum of all elements in the array , ignoring elements that are nan .
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
moves the selected item down
creates a new jar file with the specified parameters .
shuts down the executor service .
returns a list of file paths in the path of the given file paths .
enter a immediately - value mapping .
called from ontouchevent to end a drag operation .
offset relative to current date from one date to another .
rounds the x , y , and z values of this vector3 up to the nearest integer value .
implements the abstract method simulatemethod . it distributes the request to the corresponding methods by signatures .
wakes up the nodes .
adds wheel changing listener
parse the attributes passed to the view from the xml
concatenates two byte arrays .
assert either complete successfully or error signal has been received .
asserts the argument is valid , as determined by the caller passing the result of an evaluated expression to this assertion .
check if calendar instance is present in utc time .
this views for views .
un - serializes a volume object
returns a collection containing a collection of elements .
add to the bezier chain
parse a text from the command line .
ensure that an array of bytes is consistent with a specific offset .
removes all board testing callbacks .
reads bytes from the transport . returns null if successful .
creates a new bean instance of the mbean manager .
checks if a shape of a shape , with the current path of a shape to be a shape . shape is found shape , then be a simple shape .
is file visible file is visible or not
appends a string to the end of the array .
delete all files in the collection
construct a new string by converting the specified subarray of bytes using the specified subarray of the new string buffer is a function of the length of the new string . the length of the new string is a function of the encoding , and hence may be equal to
initializes the search area of a complete row .
compute the bounds of the cell editor based on the new value . the location are placed into the cell . the whole cells are returned if the cell is not null . this rectangle .
reads a block starting from the current file pointer .
construct a cuboid in the given world name and xyz co - ordinates .
the log marginal likelihood of a model using the arithmetic log probabilities .
returns true if the message starts with a new message .
installs the system properties to the default user .
writes doubles from the given double array , starting from the specified offset , to the current position and increases the position by the number of doubles written .
load the known by type
checks whether the extension of the filename is that specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot . there must be no directory separator after the dot . the extension check is case - sensitive on all
returns a file path from the path , this can this .
instantiates a new instance .
adds a new curve to the list of markers .
calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
for the commandmanager init .
the start of an element .
create a layer distribution that will fit to a circle within a sequence .
create an input source that can be used to represent an input source .
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding for the vm .
returns the root node of the user preference hierarchy .
returns a convenient string and returns a valid .
called by the providers when the details of an artist have been updated .
tell if the table contains the given string .
reads from a file from a string .
returns tile with tile x axis .
check if we ' ve crossed a reasonable touch slop for the given child view . if the child cannot be dragged along the horizontal or vertical axis , motion along that axis will not count toward the slop check .
create a new direct connection
create a class manager configured to use . note . the array of the clazz . note . this class loader . this class .
display the current render surface .
returns the last login time .
creates a stream of the provided text .
add the supplied applicationinfo objects to the list , and enqueue it into the list to broadcast when notify ( ) is called . if the app is already in the list , doesn ' t add it .
returns a match with the given field value .
removes the footer of the tweet
creates a comma separated list string of string objects .
cas head field . used only by enq .
position a column at the given offset .
loads the files in the specified directory .
read a line from the stream .
replaces unprintable characters by their escaped ( or unicode escaped ) equivalents in the given string
check if table exists in the table .
processes a " nearest
checks if a string contains a sql script
compress the given bytes with the given number of bytes .
establish an invariant that the specified service is not active .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
do the appropriate processing for cfb mode encryption .
prints an xml element .
adds each of the provided connections to the current tree as children of their respective parents . the parent connection groups must already be added .
loads the map from an input stream
adds a decoration at the end of the list .
parses the link title string into a string .
record block related event and audit
add a new data in the cache .
close the socket connection
returns the current size of this list .
create a warning diagnostic .
builds a new ( or environment variables .
handles next button request .
remove a graph listener
returns true if this connection is ready to host new streams .
adds the given column to this table at the given position in the column list
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
initializes all components used in dialog .
constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
returns the norm of a vector
gets a string representation of the value .
returns a hash code value for this object .
de - serializes the archive to a zip archive .
traverses the edge only used to be in graph .
generates mac and return and encrypts it into a signature .
removes a listener on image sharing events
update the message size by the contents .
write the new journal to the output file . in the event of any error , just pretend we didn ' t have a journal , in that case , do a full backup .
check if the charsegment matches the given string
responds to the mouse button has been released on a component .
computes the maximum class value for a series of property series .
add a channel to the model
joins an array of objects into one string with separator .
returns true if a store has a trait on a store .
create supply document to balance qtyplnned
return the number of name - value pairs in this list .
returns the largest ( " top " ) n values in the column
load the values for this step from an xml node
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value , replacing the previous mapping from the specified key if there was one .
readdata - - input the modbus message from din . if there was a header , such as for modbus / tcp , it will have been read already .
calculates the inner product of two arrays .
creates the new instructions , inlining each instantiation of each subroutine until the code is fully elaborated .
return the standard deviation of the given list of doubles .
trim the array to be beyond the list .
setbit ( int n ) outside zero
compares a date with a date
unit test for testing .
creates a new client socket .
multiplies and stores the values by average .
the level of the received the level
computes the folder of the given folder or any of its children .
quote the given file into a string .
copies from an appropriate message .
clear the template values .
removes an imageconsumer from the list of consumers interested in data for this image .
should a navigation bar appear at the bottom of the screen in the current device configuration ? a navigation bar may appear on the right side of the screen in certain configurations .
adding a new weight .
builds the invocation cache key .
this method compute the mark of the audit . here is the algorithm formula : ( ( 1 - rationmi ) * passed / ( passed + failed ) + rationmi needmoreinfo / ( passed + failed + needmoreinfo ) ) * 100f where rationmi = needmoreinfo / ( passed
gcd : the first number is zero
tests of pseudolegalmoves method , of class movegen . pawn moves .
implements golay ( 23 , 12 , 7 ) error detection and correction . returns the message digest . if the message and its index .
validate the given list of parameters .
parses the specified relative path part of a path , as specified by the last index .
picks an encoding for an external entity . defaults to utf - 8 .
generates a url for a particular category and url .
returns true if the thread should expire instead of going to the idle state .
adds a menu to set up policy .
take the provided byte buffer and returns the byte buffer , and checks for working be stored in this packet .
create a database connection .
return a real number with a cauchy distribution .
add the given group to the list of job groups that will never be deleted by this processor , even if a pre - processing - command to delete the group is encountered .
print the entire layout .
wake a connection from the select / received request .
adds a field to run the multi match against with a specific boost .
encodes the key - value pair to an output stream .
this is called when no longer needed to be acked .
returns a string of the specified by the array .
copies the data from the source to the target array .
computes the location on the great circle path ( in meters )
parse manifest , parse a set of a given source .
read bytes until the count is satisfied .
fire when an operator is moved in the list .
removes a single individual .
modifies the variable label
repeats the specified substring a number of times .
wait for a maximum amount of time for a state change event to occur
pick the leaf that minimize cost
creates a new user attribute stored in the attribute fields .
parse an integer value from a string .
get bounds of wf node icon
stops all of the worker threads that are currently running .
clone the mapping of this frame .
attempts to compute the hash code hashcode for a random doubles .
calculates the state of the partitions with in weight of some units .
returns the dot name of a method call .
save the state to the current saved state to the saved contents
pulls a string off the queue , up to but exclusive of the match sequence , or to the queue running out .
splits the ip the ip addresses .
dispose - free resources .
calculates the number of transposition between two strings .
parses the given string ( not implemented ) .
returns a stream of this series .
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix
register a manifest file
arranges the container with no width constraint and a fixed height .
check whether content type is actually a content type
generate a certificate keypair . sign with the specified parameters .
handles next button request .
check that all the modules for all dependencies stored in the set of modules
beancontextmembershiplistener method . called when a new object is removed from the beancontext of this object . for the layer , this method doesn ' t do anything . if your layer does something with the childrenadded method , or findandinit , you should take steps in this method to
check that a directory is writable .
returns a string representation of this condition .
writes default serializable fields to stream .
report the beginning of an entity . the start and end of the document entity are not reported . the start and end of the external dtd subset are reported using the pseudo - name " [ dtd ] " . all other events must be properly nested within start
check whether the given name is a java keyword
extract the import url from the given uri string .
returns true if both metrics are equal .
runs the test case .
renames an object type , e . g . " lcom . package . myclass ; " or an array type that has an object element , e . g . " [ lcom . package . myclass ; " if the type doesn ' t need to be renamed
write a file list with the given tag .
creates a new dpolicyconstraints dialog .
invalidates all cache with respect to transaction so cache must call it .
flatten a byte [ ] into an xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisbytearrayxml ( ) .
write the strings to the file , one per line .
allows you to cancel all requests currently in queue or running , by set tag , if passed tag is null , will not attempt to cancel any requests , if tag is null on requesthandle , it cannot be canceled by this call
draw the mapping for the horizontal axis
creates a record representing a records of records from the given records .
queue the operation to be executed .
determines the cell at the given string .
transform the supplied shape into the specified shape .
prints out a list , starting at the specified indentation , to the specified print writer .
initializes all components used in dialog .
obtains the revocation status of a certificate using ocsp .
create a top - level domain link to the link .
removes the specified tracking icon .
find the final set of state variables for this set . if the set .
remove parent from file
returns true if a is nearly equal to b .
ends the current element context and gets back to the parent context . this method should be called at the end of the endelement method of derived classes .
java . util . arrays # fill ( byte [ ] , int , int , byte )
enters a new scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket .
calculates the log likelihood of the given value .
upload file to download destination
returns a zip file handle .
remove a custom data handler for a given column name . subsequent to this method , the column will use the default handler .
checks if the given tag is empty .
restores the stored bundle
update the web service .
construct a catalog entry of the specified type .
adds a new failure to the message
pushes a new stack onto the stack ' s given the stack .
logs diagnostic messages about the given classloader and it ' s hierarchy . the prefix is prepended to the message and is intended to make it easier to understand the logs .
add a member to the import list .
gets files for all registered file appenders .
is the auto - reduction is case sensitive ?
test whether the given node is a namespace decl node . in dom level 2 this can be done in a namespace - aware manner , but in level 1 doms it has to be done by testing the node name .
returns the hash code value for this object .
creates a simple model using default resource bundle .
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this comparator .
for custom purposes . not used by colorpickerpreferrence
perform the default action .
start the binary tree .
the end of an element .
removes all the callbacks from the queue .
gets the value at index from the array .
initialize the layout with starting values .
decodes lzw image data into pixel array . adapted from john cristy ' s imagemagick .
find the value that corresponds to this key . it finds only the first occurrence of the key .
decodes the given base58 string into the original data bytes .
construct a match pattern from a pattern and template .
closes the allocated nodes and then deletes the allocated nodes
returns true iff the annotated type has no prefix
initializes the format returned formats .
computes new logger for given class .
receive one byte from the port and convert it into string
checks to see if the given resource is present in the list of resources .
checks if the given id is a valid shared id .
display the video file browser
writes a sequence of coordinates to the given buffer , starting with a > string .
checks if the exception is one of the intended server side exception that has been thrown over the aidl layer .
swap the matrices so that the largest value is on the pivot
determines whether the current context is the current calling thread .
creates a job to create a specified activiti xml .
find a list of classes in the root directory . directories
validates a xml document .
grid to the specified file .
reads the values from the default place to the client .
returns true if it is a local variable definition
create a sequence containing a vector of objects .
creates a new instance of the listenersupport .
verifies that member fields are non - null .
computes the segment offset for a line segment .
returns the specified location for the specified location .
creates a list of instantiates rules from json .
crafts the on - the - wire octet array conforming to the format of section 3 of rfc 2865 with the value with a special octet string .
formats a double value into a bigdecimal
flush any buffered messages .
copy or file contents , remove it from the filesystem .
validate the c - octet string
creates a rectangle that is within the bounds of the bounds .
add button for clearing graph data .
calculate distance between two strings .
creates a file on a file .
determine if the expression is some food .
parses the given string and replaces all occurrences of ' \ n ' , ' \ r ' and ' \ r \ n ' with the given line separator .
adjusts the name to avoid name conflicts in the new session and , if the name is adjusted , adjusts the position so the user can see the two nodes .
adds a notification ' s indent .
create the nfs datastore .
check the size of the array and increase if needed
constructs a new uri with the given uri
checks that the given substring is a valid internal class name .
required by the " task submission " task .
creates calibration charts for the simulation and benchmark / survey dataset param color scheme ( red_scheme , autumn , muted rainbow , lollapalooza , french girl , m8_colors ) param map of number of trips per distances class , split by mode param map of number of trips per travel
removes dollar ( $ ) prefix from the given name if it exists
check if a player has a persistent shares .
re - do the last undone operation for a specific rich text editor
reports a task using future .
writes out protein view to an zipped and compressed html file .
test for harmony - 6315 select clause .
check copy is file info ) is contained in the ui file ( and is not save file private and is verifies the method to internal method .
write current data into file
start monitoring the current thread .
utility method for finding decendant nodes
transfers node , if necessary , to sync queue after a cancelled wait . returns true if thread was cancelled before being signalled .
create a regular expression , with the given regular expression .
remove the specified element from the selection .
pass mouseevent straight through to delegate
prints a formatted string to standard output , using the locale and the specified format string and arguments ; then flushes standard output .
process the source tree to the output result .
tests comparison of different attributes .
adds an instruction to the output .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
closes the selector to the caller .
returns the value of adding the two numbers
adds the provided optional attributes .
displays a history dialog .
returns the number of elements in this queue .
reads all bytes from an input stream
construct a lazyfuturestream from an publisher
creates a new protobuf handler .
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse . broken out for readability .
find an existing notification .
setup the green gradient
writes a plain text file with two lines to the file
this takes a stage of a stage of a value and returns a plain stage of a value .
add a character and a number . the ordinal value of the character is used in the addition ( the ordinal value is the unicode value which for simple character sets is the ascii value ) .
clips the passed in string to the space provided .
removes an element from this instantrunnable .
check whether the specified object is a cglib - generated class .
resets the references for streaming .
add a slide to the intro
splits the given string into lines using on any embedded newlines , and wrapping the text as needed to conform to the given maximum line width . this uses and assumes unix - style newlines
removes wheel changing listener
allocates a direct float buffer , and populates it with the float array data .
publish to a topic on an mqtt server once subscribed this method waits for the messages to arrive from the server that match the subscription .
cleans a directory without deleting it .
inverse watermarking based on a vector of x m matrix
moves a file or directory to the destination directory . < p / > when the destination is on another file system , do a " copy and delete " .
load security properties from a properties file
closes an input stream .
clears the scan files .
return true if the edge ab intersects the given edge of constant latitude .
starts the process described by ' builder ' , and asserts that it sees ' expectedout ' on stdout and ' expectederr ' on stderr . times out after 10s .
below method will be used to start file based merge
callback for when text is inserted into the document .
constructs a new date exception with the specified .
check whether this component is visible on the specified component
read object field by its superclasses .
subtract zero from a number . the number is positive .
< rm > , lsl # < shift_imm > operation : if shift_imm = = 0 then see data - processing operands - rotate right with extend on page a5 - 17 else / shift_imm > 0 / shifter_operand = rm rotate_right shift_imm shifter_carry_out = rm [ shift_imm - 1
creates a new plaintext component with the given int
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
is the specified calendar a calendar object
creates an initial port and starts to listen .
pretty printing accumulator function for ints
convert a bitmap to a jpeg image
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation . this is used when an object is being deserialized from the xml document and the value for the string representation is required .
test if the dom implementation implements a specific feature .
take port and return a list of storageports ports .
reads an event to the next event .
converts a sequence of doubles to a buffer .
update a jcombobox with the latest automations .
creates a new session object .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
create a new editor with the given editor
should never be called .
adds the given resource such that it ' s list
checks if is numeric .
open a keystore for the specified password .
encode string as a byte array in base64 annotation .
atomically adds the given value to the current value of the field of the given object managed by this updater .
returns the " current time " notion of this scheduler .
appends a list to the string builder , with the given name and value .
gets the properties from the specified url .
calculates the weight of the weight matrix based on the max .
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot . there must be no directory separator after the dot . the extension check is case - sensitive
find a particular value associated with a specified label .
inserts the string representation of the long argument into this string buffer . the second argument is inserted into this string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then inserted into this string buffer at the indicated offset . the offset
creates the given key from an existing collection of strings .
calculates the log likelihood of the given value .
given a vector , obtain the given vector3 , or null .
used to receive ssdp multicast packet
tear down after testing .
flushes this stream . any buffered data is flushed . this implementation closes the target stream .
convert a signed instance to a rgb object
sets the request name to be loaded .
adds from an operation
returns the signature that was built by this signature writer .
java . util . arrays # fill ( boolean [ ] , int , int , boolean )
calculates a quantitative , linearly scaled layout .
adds the objects in the specified collection to the end of this vector .
handles exceptions from a reader . returns true if successful , false if an error occurred .
format nothing . just use the control string .
returns a fully qualified name for a given table name and a definition .
update a jcombobox with the latest track .
removes the tip text for this property
joins a string array , separated by comma
returns a 0 - based depth within the object graph of the current object being serialized .
change a given number of steps to a single variable reference .
returns a string representation of a given attribute value .
indicate that the session .
request a group data group . the group .
computes full path from base url
serializes cookie object into string
skips the given number of bytes .
resumes the ken burns effect animation .
draws the description text in the center of the pie chart makes most sense when center - hole is enabled
subtract two numbers of different scales ; the first is negative
create a new instance of this instance to create an interface will be added to this method annotations that will be created .
creates a new panel object .
add a property change listener
is the extension function available ?
allocate additional detail count with the given capacity
true if a refresh is needed from the original data source .
generate an array of random bytes
computes one distribution weights .
removes the last extension from a file ' s filename
delete the attribute value .
scale based on min , max
internal utility method to determine if the given scheme should use semicolons ( ; ) for query separator instead of ampersand ( & )
add the leaf nodes to the root path queue . if the root node is already in a leaf , and the children with the children of the leaf , and the children are updated with the parent with ( if it is not the parent of the children of
called when all blocks listeners are notified when the tracker .
converts a database name to a java variable name . the naming conventions used to allow for this are as follows : a database name ( table or column ) is in all capital letters , and the words are separated by an underscore ( for example : neat_entity_name or
return a byte array
clamp the given dimensions for the requested size .
create a new endpoint , which is based on the specified transport .
returns a string representation of this date / time pair .
encode the input data producing a url safe base 64 encoded byte array .
draws a directory on a given cell
add a file system observer to this monitor .
create empty message by message id ( for filling and sending )
the natural log of the probability density function of the distribution ( mean = 1 / math . 0 )
adds the given number as a op_n opcode to the end of the program . only handles values 0 - 16 inclusive .
gets the callbacks object . if we ' ve been stopped , or if the launcher object has somehow been garbage collected , return null instead . pass in the callbacks object that was around when the deferred message was scheduled , and if there ' s a new callbacks
change the capacity of this node with child .
create an instance of a class using the specified classloader
paints the background flat area .
adds a new action to this entity .
to create a polygon we need atleast 3 separate points
reads the json value from the json array for specified index
waits until a specified element is present in the path .
assert that the testsubscriber has not terminated ( i . e . , the terminal latch is still non - zero ) .
returns true if the url is valid , which is valid .
check whether this work is canceled .
push a treewalker on the stack .
checks that the given string is a valid type descriptor .
update the visibility of the exported db files .
dumps the options file
parse a resource from a resource into a json resource .
starts the transition and returns a set of states .
detatches the bitmap container from the request and cancels the request if no one is left listening .
creates a new density function backed by the specified collection .
creates a new serializable object .
determine if there are more than 2 points currently in the partial hull .
creates a new zip entry with the specified name .
tests fix for bug # 69746 , no simple single physical .
read the given dictionary file from the input stream .
matches the token returned from the token with a list of one level to the token .
adds a vertex to the list of ticks is a parameter .
resets the viewtomodel array to be of size rowcount .
returns a set of files in the set .
do we run on os
check whether this throwable is an assignable - class of the given throwable class .
combines and returns queued messages combined into a single string . combines as many messages as possible , while staying under max_payload_size . returns null if the queue is empty .
prints a double to the stream .
returns a map of discovered itemsets and their size .
checks if is all alpha .
read a single tree from a given item .
updates a particle position
converts a hexadecimal character to an integer .
loads the given library with a given library path .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes . the number of bytes is multiple of 4 . the most significant byte is negative .
save a key store to a file .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
adds or updates a filter to the list of filters to " and " .
send a debug log message
generate an array of random bytes
update the statistics entry .
test the validity of maxsize .
returns a representation of the object .
split the trace based on positioning the result
8 bit bytes from a byte array to an array of 8 bytes .
parses the given source definition .
add a users to the application .
performs the pending fsync task to the pool .
removes a single individual .
copies a file on the filesystem
decode properties into string ( url encoded )
generates xml in the model .
tests comparison of different nth elements .
deletes a directory recursively .
adds a specified component to the destination destination .
localized string to timestamp conversion . to be used in tandem with timestamptostring ( ) .
checks whether the string starts with the specified string .
removes all values from this attribute set .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
reads in a byte array from the file containing the key - value pairs found in the file .
converts string to byte array .
sets the users for a user .
sets the flag that indicates whether all objects are finalized when the vm is about to exit . note that all finalization which occurs when the system is exiting is performed after all running threads have been terminated .
returns the quantile for the given confidence value .
searches the specified collection for the minimum element using the specified comparator .
checks if a file hash has the correct
add the key - value pair to the map
update the assignment with the given parameters .
creates a new char string from its components
split the lines into lines ; list of lines ) .
draws a colored on the plot area .
adds a hole to the polygon formed by this ring .
registers all necessary component properties with the standard layout gui .
adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
initialize the genericactivity fields .
skip n bytes from the input stream .
generate 160 bit hash key identifier .
creates a new create - xxx sub - command for a sets relation .
creates a new dsubjectinformationaccess dialog .
verify signer ( string , identityscope ) creates instance with given name and in give scope
reads an svg " draw " element .
create a listmodel with the provided items .
returns true if field messagetype is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
maps a source image to perform the buffer .
create a new file data store for a given flags
retrieve static load information from remote storage system .
see the general contract of the readunsignedshort method of datainput . bytes for this operation are read from the contained input stream .
create a replication job to copy a partition .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
run the test methods
finds a max found on a given context
indicates if this file represents a file on the underlying file system .
finds the stage to find the given path using the provided path pattern .
calculates the mean and returns the result of a given k - signed sample .
run all shared components in this controller .
check the index header id is valid
returns the stack map table written out .
saves the file contents of the form
schedule a list of a given refresh drop .
provide a relative path relative to the base directory of the given project within the cache directory .
returns true if the specified module name is a file glob for a file format .
puts a list of pool values per expression .
transfers all data from an inputstream to the destination .
returns the position of the top level at the given level .
attempts to read more data .
add a number of parsed class to the train ' s final moving .
parses a set of groups and builds a list of groups from the given jsonobject .
after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center , post - rotation .
create a new double array structure .
as a delegate identified by the user .
checks if the given character is a valid java identifier .
add a bed header line .
loads a address from a result set .
encodes the string encoded using utf - 8 encoding .
returns get url with appended parameters .
this method is used when a prefix / uri namespace mapping is indicated after the element was started with a startelement ( ) and before and endelement ( ) . startprefixmapping ( prefix , uri ) would be used before the startelement ( ) call .
guesses the type of a file , based on file name suffix returns " application / octet - stream " if no corresponding mimemap type .
test verifies that the terms of all terms with varying minshouldmatch
returns true for a public class .
release previously acquired exclusively .
create a new locale object .
writes a length of the compressed block .
update the generic font family to the specified font family
writes an object to a map with the given name .
parses a data object from the current parsing position . this can either be a nsdata object or a gnustep nsnumber or nsdate . the prerequisite for calling this method is , that a data begin token has been read .
returns true is the population contains no individuals .
formats this year - month using the specified formatter . < p > this date - time will be passed to the formatter to produce a string .
dotted name to dotted dotted name . if errors .
creates a new dviewextensions dialog .
plays the video in playlist
invokes a method dynamically .
copy nodelist members into this nodelist , adding in document order . null references are not added .
returns the rotate stream corresponding to this path
removes the temporary history .
this method extracts all needed values from the styled attributes . those are used to configure the view .
create a log message .
this method is responsible for an id matches .
return whether this entity can load a specific load .
cast result object to a boolean .
generates the xml for the current request . follows the format laid out at http : / / code . google . com / p / omaha / wiki / serverprotocol with some additional dummy values supplied .
checks whether the string is a boolean .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
formats this year - month using the specified formatter . < p > this month - day will be passed to the formatter to produce a string .
initialisation of a source code line , keyed by line number .
version 1 : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - | key | value | - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - version 2 : - - - - - - - -
returns the later - element of this matrix .
override this if the should_not_contain_same_error_codes_for_different_instances_that_are_not_wrappers test is failing and you * really * want to allow one or more of your error codes to have duplicate apierrors that are not wrappers . this should be used with care .
determines whether the given field is present in the object ' s list of supported .
removes a download from the completed list . actually only removes the url from the manager ' s list of urls .
modifies the main query by adding a new optional query consisting of shingled phrase queries across the specified clauses using the specified field = & gt ; boost mappings .
converts an xml identifier to a string .
updates the info shown in the panel .
creates new snapshot request .
store log file in database .
merges the map with the given parameters from the existing key
we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
deletes all hit of a existing user
called when a new media player .
parses a string containing a int .
creates a list of url from a given shard .
skip a number of characters in this population .
adds another imagecontainer to the list of those interested in the results of the request .
clones all radius of radius a circle
create a new blocksnapshotsession id from a local network .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
add a protocol header to the given protocol .
take a double array of gaussian elimination for one .
convert a string to a valid form
recreates workspace table and migrates data to the new table .
execute db statement and put parameters and returns a single query .
closes all open tag .
receive notivication of a entityreference .
create the global database schema .
links node as last element , or returns false if full .
draws a divider for the given child in the given bounds .
creates a form specification
decode the given input stream into a list of elements .
draws the visual representation of a single data item .
writes a little - endian int .
writes an double field value .
take the next available level . if it to be a unit . if the current level is too many blocking , it will take place will take place .
only used for testing .
method from org . apache . maven . plugins . help to delete .
adds all tables to the end of the list .
write the contents of a string .
returns all the text at the given url .
removes all listeners from the queue .
searches for the item in the set of listeners if present .
adds an attribute to the attribute payload .
calls the first task from the loader
this is used to load the full import from a csv instance
generate a random user id in the range specified by the parameter .
starts the cassandra cluster service .
generates code for flags .
determines if the given label is determines if it represents a label .
write short item into current section .
load configuration from a resource from the configuration from the current configuration .
close streams without pain
create a transaction manager that a transaction manager .
skip a character from the current position .
converts a package name to a path by replacing all ' . ' characters with the file . separatorchar character . is therefore platform independent .
returns true if this map contains the given key in this map .
returns true if the given fragment is null or fragments are allowed .
increases the capacity of and internally reorganizes the hashtable , in order to accommodate and access its entries more efficiently . this method is called when the number of keys in the hashtable exceeds this hashtable ' s capacity and load factor .
save all the pois instances in the database .
creates the xml element for an integer value .
returns true if a given scope matches the given scope .
responds to the edit conditional column in the edit conditional window .
add an empty header fields
check whether we should create a duplicate request .
determines if the view is hidden .
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream , removing prior exif tags .
delete a directory or file .
returns true if the tool bar of the toolbar .
construct a node in the result tree . this method is overloaded by xsl : attribute . at this class level , this method creates an element . if the node is null , we instantiate only the content of the node in accordance with section 7 . 1 .
create a priorityqueue from a word - > tf map .
creates a new journal that omits redundant information . this replaces the current journal if it exists .
closes this object after deserialization .
returns status line status .
the distance between two points in latitude / longitude .
processes the given authentication challenge and processes the challenge .
calculate g ^ x mod p as done in round 1 . q
add new order cost detail for production . called from doc_production
adds an undo event to the list .
establish the cache when failed .
add the imagespan to the start of the text .
validates a password using a hash .
returns a list of snapshots from repository sorted by snapshot creation date
add a certificate to the certificate set to be included with the generated signeddata message .
multiply a number by zero .
method that will try from method
paints the background of a tab .
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack .
returns an automaton for the given a term ' s original .
returns the range of values the renderer requires to display all the items from the specified dataset .
hook used to check that need to be called by default , or null if it .
number of threads in this process ( since linux 2 . 6 ) . before kernel 2 . 6 , this field was hard coded to 0 as a placeholder for an earlier removed field .
assigns the role that is assigned to the user .
creates a default threadpool , with default values : - keepalive set to 30 seconds - a default threadfactory - all events are accepted
description of the method
encodes a map of name into a map of strings .
test where each operation locks only a single resource and there is only one resource to be locked so that all operations must be serialized .
run a task in the ui thread
closes all connected clients sockets , then closes the underlying serversocketchannel , effectively killing the server socket selectorthread , freeing the port the server was bound to and stops all internal workerthreads . if this method is called before the server is started it will never start .
loads a xml document from a file
java . math . bigdecimal # divide ( java . math . bigdecimal , java . math . roundingmode ) divide ( bigdecimal , roundingmode )
remove an string at index
copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified character with another character .
implements the same behaviour as the " touch " utility on unix . it creates a new file with size 0 or , if the file exists already , it is opened and closed without modifying it , but updating the file date and time . < p / >
wrapscallback ( ) is an easymock argument predicate . wrapscallback ( c ) matches a callback if calling that callback causes c to be called . in other words , c wraps the given callback .
the editing cell should be selected or not
prepares char sequence of char sequences .
add zero to a number
add class name to class .
formats a supported formats .
parse the titlecase mapping attribute for a unicode character . if there is a digit mapping attribute and the parse succeeds , then the haslowermap field is set to true , the lowermap field of this unicodespec object is updated , and false is returned . if the lowercase mapping
block on the queue until the queue is full .
compresses the given number of files , each of the given size , into a . zip archive .
check to see if the playlist has a valid playlist
import xml from the specified file to a directory
add or remove a update to the log file
a method to construct a default digest method type with a default hashalgorithm
creates a subset of vertices sampled in a specific iteration .
creates a new instance of this class factory .
move the layout in the original layout
displays the object in a way
make a list of expressions .
a method to be called when some text was inserted into a text node , so that live objects can be notified .
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
application ( default ) can be ignored )
create a new worker thread
animate opening a tab in the foreground .
adds or removes the given function parameter from the given class .
load org access user access user
closes the disk cache associated with this imagecache object . note that this includes disk access so this should not be executed on the main / ui thread .
using the exportmask object , create a volume uri to hlu map . for ceph hlu is not applicable
closes the underlying sockets and socket streams .
returns the maximum y ordinate .
gets the output and error streams from a process and reads them to keep the process from blocking due to a full output buffer . the processed stream data is appended to the supplied appendable . for this , two threads are started , but join ( ) ed ,
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
adds list of arguments in command line .
returns matching node or null if none . tries to search using tree comparisons from root , but continues linear search when lock not available .
draws the axis on a java 2d graphics device ( such as the screen or a printer ) .
read contents of file .
sets up this animatorset to play all of the supplied animations at the same time .
creates a color with the random data .
extract a category - category string representation of the given a category or group category .
check if method is declared in the process ( i . e . , if it ' s ) call .
set the header formats in a file .
aborts executor service and release any resources waiting
adds a csp listener to the solution strategy .
prints the specified text to the stream .
remove a range of mappings as a batch .
check the nullability of the column definitions for the resultset matches the expected values .
automatically re - labels from the part of the simplex .
adds a new conditional to the timeline .
loads the database data from disk .
paints the text area .
returns the contents of the provided elements as a list in the system ' s iterator .
sends a message to all listeners .
update the email code and organization with the rto .
load the * load the ) .
deletes all addresses of a existing user
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
set the limit and limit of this statement . use a negative value for limit to remove the limit . use a value less than one for offset to remove the limit .
checks if the file exists
write the bytes to byte array .
skips characters . this will not ' skip ' past the end of the document .
this method adds the method to the class .
convert a file name to a string using utf - encoding .
copies the contents of the given url to the specified file .
here we bound the deltas such that the frame cannot be stretched beyond the extents of the celllayout , and such that the frame ' s borders can ' t cross .
creates a default auth configuration object .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
remove trailing or leading whitespace from the annotation .
returns the tip text for this property
creates a writable subraster given a region of the raster . the x and y coordinates specify the horizontal and vertical offsets from the upper - left corner of this raster to the upper - left corner of the subraster . a subset of the bands of the parent raster
send the buffer to the multicast address .
ensure the internal array ' s capacity .
note : this is not synchronized !
finds files with a given folder .
check if two strings are equal .
execute shell commands , default return result msg
populate the content of a blob using the check_binary_blob stored procedure .
unregisters a local file from being observed for changes .
makes the object immutable
appending the is null operator clause .
removes all associations from this queue .
updates the form resource
appends all of the elements in the specified collection that are not already contained in this list , to the end of this list , in the order that they are returned by the specified collection ' s iterator .
saves the analysis of all data recorded in this analyzer to the specified file .
returns an iterator over the stored capabilities
notify api to indicate that the app
parse a string . it can be parsed as lower case .
creates a new header from a buffer . the name of the header will be parsed immediately , the value only if it is accessed .
returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
makes a date string in the given from a date
executes a request on the given parameters .
checks if the url passed in is the correct response code .
adds a new resource source before the others . might be used by plugins etc .
commits changes in a helper method .
connects to the unit -
called from the native code point to the user .
add a class c " information , and tell c to point back here .
edit the given element in the table .
create a point which encodes with point compression .
serializes a xml document into a string - encoded in utf8 format , with platform line separators .
adds fill components to empty cells in the first row and first column of the grid . this ensures that the grid spacing will be the same as shown in the designer .
is the size if the top window ?
return the area of triangle abc . the method used is about twice as expensive as girard ' s formula , but it is numerically stable for both large and very small triangles . the points do not need to be normalized . the area is always positive . the
nonsymmetric reduction from hessenberg to real schur form .
two transactions read a value and replace it
casts a list to array object remove empty elements
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
searches the specified collection for the minimum element .
heartbeat the server , heartbeat , or create it if necessary .
tostring contains tostrings of elements
finds the first in the none of a signal file .
tests whether the allocation can be read and modify an allocation . ' s allocation
create a unique id .
constructs an array of a list into an ip address strings .
display the authenticated pilot ' s profile
if the start time is in the call the timer .
update product list of product ' s product
check that there is dependencies for the given module descriptor
clearbit ( int n ) inside a positive number
deserialize the funnel processing .
appends a parameter to the given type descriptor .
adds a clause for a each clause .
stream an array of bytes to the browser this method will close the servletoutputstream when finished
unlocks the given key .
returns a max of 45 ( lazylist default page size ) orders starting at start and end index .
check if all required schema external db for exist .
removes all current mapped .
create a store with all required attributes .
returns a comparable value for a qualifier . < p / > this method takes into account the ordering of known qualifiers then unknown qualifiers with lexical ordering . < p / > just returning an integer with the index here is faster , but requires a lot of if
returns true if this objects chainwork is higher than the others .
evaluate js script ( function or statement )
output an input token .
determine whether the given url points to a resource in the local file system , that is , has protocol , or has the protocol .
indicates whether some other object is " equal to " this one .
applysettimestamp adds to the batch the query used to change the server timestamp , if needed and if possible ( if the database support such a feature )
adds a forward reference to this label . this method must be called only for a true forward reference , i . e . only if this label is not resolved yet . for backward references , the offset of the reference can be , and must be , computed
javax . net . sql .
parses the given list of loggedmqttmessages into receivedmqttmessages .
stops the timer ' s animation .
this method will be used to add new row
decode the base 64 encoded string data - whitespace will be ignored .
utility method to fully override stack frame stack . called from an native address if the native address , when stack is called .
schemewalk is called by path for a scheme lookup like file : / tmp / foo
returns true if the mime type is a standard image mime type
create a new message dialog .
measure item size in kilobytes rather than units which is more practical for a bitmap cache
sets the matrix to be the sum of a matrix .
removes the attribute value from the attribute .
specify the camera surface .
parse the exception message string .
rotates the given image by 90 degrees while changing the ratio of the picture
update available values available
sets name and attributes
display a date from a resource
creates a line string representing this line .
trims an array to be exactly the target a size .
closes this file , deleting it . all the file is closed .
returns true if , at this time , the object will accept a connection via the named event
subtract the specified number of droidflakes .
process an array of bytes , producing output if necessary .
returns true if service type does not require resource name .
main entry point for the launcher . note : this method calls system . exit .
macro : round : parses s , rounds with u , fmts
create an authoritykeyidentifier using the passed in certificate ' s public key , issuer and serial number .
opens a jar file .
removes all emails from the data set .
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
the graphical representation of a path .
javax . net . ssl . sslengine # unwrap ( bytebuffer src , bytebuffer [ ] dsts , int offset , int length ) exception case : indexoutofboundsexception should be thrown .
creates a password reset log reset log file logger .
determines if a character is an letter or digit . synonym for ' character . isletterordigit ( this ) ' .
call the visitors for the function arguments .
create a link of a label .
checks if the expression is a valid expression .
destroys the pool . it must be called once .
creates a new file uri .
reads the next field type . the read value should be read from the reader .
processes a request to play a media file .
performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified sorted list using the specified comparator . the list needs to be already sorted according to the comparator passed . searching in an unsorted array has an undefined result . it ' s also undefined which element is found
finish the xml document .
returns the vector contains allowed vector is finished .
removes the entry from the specified collection .
create cache hashing with given algorithm .
marshall an enum value .
cholesky algorithm for symmetric and positive definite matrix .
called once the initial backup .
indicates whether a midi file of the file type specified can be written from the sequence indicated .
computes the window naf ( non - adjacent form ) of an integer .
map the collection name to the collection name
lock to prevent both puts and takes .
fills vector with random double values in the range [ min , max )
this method will be used to get the hascode , this will be used to the index for inserting arraywrapper object as a key in map
computes the animation and returns the found in which the more pieces .
returns true if the given by its name of the given name .
draws the range markers ( if any ) for an axis and layer . this method is typically called from within the draw ( ) method .
decrypt key ( does not use salting , so the encryption result is the same for the same input )
construct a vpf layer .
creates the new instructions , inlining each instantiation of each subroutine until the code is fully elaborated .
returns true if the connection can closed .
make a cubic color .
shuts down the executor service .
indicates whether this pool is unused . a pool is unused if there is neither an entry nor a waiting thread . all entries count , not only the free but also the allocated ones .
changes a directory to a directory to a new content .
remove a quote characters from the table .
returns true if " timeout " is " needed and if the timeout .
refills the input buffer .
search for a document with the given search document
writes the tail of the list to the stream .
return a list of element objects that have the given name and are immediate children of the given element ; if name is null , all child elements will be included .
returns a required number of random bytes . < br > the method overrides " enginegenerateseed ( int ) " in class securerandomspi . < br >
returns the tip text for this property
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
gets the list of the job status from the specified job list of jobs .
converts a int value to a binary encoding
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
it opens a file input stream
adds a listener that will be notified about changes in the panel .
static function returning the serialsensormanager instance to use .
tests fail : always returns false . exceptions and tests non numeric fields fail , failing statements commented out . feature only partially implemented . may be an optional feature . not supported .
a ' streamless ' version of encode that simply takes a buffer of bytes and returns a string containing the encoded buffer .
checks a stack frame value .
java . util . date # date ( int , int , int , int , int , int )
push a set of initiators on the switch which have not been created .
determine the id of a uri string .
mark the space as in use .
cholesky algorithm for symmetric and positive definite matrix .
reads a memory string representation of a memory string .
shifts right an array of integers . total shift distance in bits is intcount * 32 + count .
distinct aggregate function which update the distinct set
this method will remove a member from a list of servers
print the character buffer to the output stream .
parse a string value to a calendar
check whether or not the method is contained in this list .
retains all characters in the given string .
deletes the given connection ' s .
find the index of the element that is larger than x .
called automatically when a new instance
test whether two relation agree .
search for the word and its best match found in the following replacement , and in the function lists .
returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
take a list of patches and return a textual representation .
internal method to close a new precedence level .
this method validates the sort size
finish the http put .
try to delete the panel below the panel .
perform an asynchronous average operation
get the next string in the distribution .
creates a implementation of domtestdocumentbuilderfactory using org . apache . html . dom . htmlbuilder
obtains a description of this route .
pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
creates a new xml .
method to delete an es input
add a write to buffer .
terminate the fsync service and wait for all the tasks to complete . if it is already terminated
location information in location in location for the location its parent location folder .
computes minimal sample size for downscaling image so result image size won ' t exceed max acceptable opengl texture size . < br / > we can ' t create bitmap in memory with size exceed max texture size ( usually this is 2048x2048 ) so this method calculate minimal
creates the main horizontal .
returns a chain of the statements chain .
checks whether the method is writable .
check whether a move should be moved .
builds a directory with the specified path .
add a node to the xml document .
reads the specified input stream
beginning the first branch of a remote branch with respect to a branch of calls to branch
see iso 16022 : 2006 , 5 . 2 . 7
encrypts the password by using a given password .
pads the string with the given character until it has the given length . if original is longer than the given length , returns original .
checks whether we should select a view for swiping .
notify the view state of a view .
push a pair of nodes into the stack . special purpose method for transformerimpl , pushelemtemplateelement . performance critical .
resets the iv to its original value . this is used when dofinal is called in the cipher class , so that the cipher can be reused ( with its original iv ) .
multiplies a new matrix by another one .
locator off the session , if possible .
stringifies an ipv4 or v6 address with subnet mask .
creates a new function action object .
convert hex string to byte [ ]
writes string to output stream .
creates a collection of all permissions for the given permissions .
merges the argument to the specified network .
prints a message to the output log file .
blocks until a chunk of the given size can be made from the stream , or eof is reached . calls read ( ) repeatedly in case the given stream implementation doesn ' t completely fill the given buffer in one read ( ) call .
user runs a query and counts facets .
create a new instance of a paragraph .
if at runtime , when the qname of the attribute is known , another prefix is specified for the attribute , then we can patch or hack the name with this method . for a qname of the form " ns ? : otherprefix : name " , this function
creates a mojangson string from the given list of tags and values .
create the xml element
resets the existing hashtable of existing variables from the previously queues .
rotate vector counter - clockwise in angle between angle
creates and returns the connection
calculate the bounds for a view ' s title
returns a short - out of the given name and charset name .
the set of keys in the comments .
sign part of the xml profile with the specified id and algorithm
invoked when the target of the listener has changed its state .
adds the url to the page list .
add a new transition .
resets the overall flag
reloads the xml document page .
draws a grid points .
this is used to determine if a field is static . for default fields that are processed no transient field should be present .
the number of commands requests
return a string representation of the key in a byte array .
initializes the logging for the component .
fills the list from pos down to the end of the list view .
removes the default value from the set of default values .
returns the modifier for the specified key binding description .
test the test case an empty list .
clone the two signature .
returns a hashcode for this instance .
creates new exception with given throwable as a nested cause and source of error message .
enter the underlying element after a transaction .
adds an option to the command line option set .
pauses the auto - distributed runtime application
propertychangelistener method , to listen for the source map ' s background changes . act on if necessary .
add a frame to the section animation .
scans a class for classes in a class .
get the text in the cdata block .
check whether an update should be used for an update regions
expand a rectangle by the given amount .
converts a given string into a datagram packet .
provide a string representation of this specification .
assigns the clusters by their ids .
h the subtree below the tree .
gets the initialization status of this plugin
unregisters a previously registered vm shutdown hook .
counts the number of black / white transitions between two points , using something like bresenham ' s algorithm .
returns the string representation of this object .
check the camera size of the camera method .
construct a new instance with the specified detail string and exception .
append a string , but don ' t if needed .
serializes this string to a byte array to a byte array .
lookup the lookup table .
returns the total number of files in the collection .
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
returns true if the provided word is a boundary word .
execute the supplied operation using the primary , blocking until a primary is available . whenever the operation stops ( e . g . , if the primary is no longer primary ) , then restart the operation using the current primary .
write a single character .
factory method for creating a table indexed into grid .
type from a string param .
create a straight line from the current path point to the new one specified by x and y .
this method determines which menu items get to be ' action items ' that will appear in an action bar and which items should be ' overflow items ' in a secondary menu . the rules are as follows : < p > items are considered for inclusion in the
checks basic missing value handling of the scheme . if the missing values cause an exception to be thrown by the scheme , this will be recorded .
disables all buttons in the interface
loads artifact at path with a new name .
fair version of tryacquire . don ' t grant access unless recursive call or no waiters or is first .
verifies if the header is end of the header name .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
show a new action with a delay
creates a new dialog .
add a multi - line to the multi - dimensional list .
check whether the specified class is a cglib - generated class .
verifies the auth chain from org . this auth chain .
generates the log message .
update the text views to reflect the alpha
gets partition map by client metadata .
stops the listener thread and unbinds the address .
decodes the data with the data with the given key and data .
derives the argb value for a color based on an offset between two other colors .
add a signal at the given position and the list of known blocks .
creates an optional authorization strategy .
creates a default threadpool , with default values : - minimum pool size is 0 - maximum pool size is 16 - keepalive set to 30 seconds - a default threadfactory - all events are accepted
add a property change listener
write the data chunk to the remote service .
returns an event representing the specified id .
initialize the preference store .
this method will read all the properties from file and load it into memory
update all the db .
prints this property list out to the specified output stream . this method is useful for debugging .
convert date in string format to date format
returns md5 checksum for the given file .
initialise the parameters generator .
only if there are more records available at the specified offset .
save the config size
enters a new scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket .
create an ascii representation of a position .
clear the set of listeners
creates a set of node and fills set .
runs the specified task in parallel .
create the vm list of containers .
add a port use to a ports request
pop the current executing attribute set .
creates one buffer for the camera preview callback . the size of the buffer is based off of the camera preview size and the format of the camera image .
associates the cache with the specified key .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table address
remove model change listener
fire a change event to listeners .
create a name for the " server " post name .
execute a sql query .
discovers the id and endpoint .
read some bytes from the input stream .
draw the lines of a connection .
adds a new astarnode to the queue unless it is already among the closed nodes , in which case it only updates the closed node with the new distance .
returns a file object constructed to a file object .
signals a waiting take . called only from put / offer ( which do not otherwise ordinarily lock takelock . )
creates a raster with the same layout as the width and height copied .
build a random left - regular bipartite graph of given left and right sizes .
execute a command in the runtime environment
updates the progress in the current thread
creates a new context handler .
tests if this string starts with the specified prefix .
builds the container plans
creates a new temporary directory in the specified directory .
returns a human - readable string .
scipio : returns true only if the category id is a top category . < p > note : is caching
input an instance for filtering . ordinarily the instance is processed and made available for output immediately . some filters require all instances be read before producing output .
get a list of columns from the table of the database .
adds a resource as a resource
signal the event collection .
tests if this object is equal to another .
check if the site id is active in the cluster membership .
schedule a alarm for next end time .
stop the adapter stop .
javax . net . ssl . sslcontextspi # enginecreatesslengine ( string host , int port ) verify exception when sslcontextspi object wasn ' t initialiazed .
joins arrays using provided array of elements .
given a set of path uris , this returns a set of unique query paths .
" method called before suitable for lists .
begin listening to the beginning of an aggregate graph .
adds a job to the job queue .
reset the parser with a new latex expression
adds a constant pool entry .
add full chart data .
returns ( c4 . 5 - type ) information gain for the generated split .
writes the state to the stream .
removes the given property from being animated as a part of this propertybundle . if the property was a part of this bundle , it returns true to indicate that it was , in fact , canceled . this is an indication to the caller that a cancellation actually occurred
de - serialize an object using the java serialization mechanisms .
divide the number of multi digits by the number of one digit
display the selected neuron dialog .
encrypt the contents of the given length using the specified array of bytes
check if there are any method in the given class or not
called when the workflow method .
removes any character from the passed string .
create a new run action with the specified network panel .
creates a new image with a given url
this method takes care of the requested challan for this site
check the email address is valid or not .
adds the specified edge to the graph .
parses xml from a file .
open a new connection to a channel
checks whether the extension of the filename is that specified . < p > this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot . there must be no directory separator after the dot . the extension check is case - sensitive on all
report a usage of a complete usage .
adds the given topic to the subscription store - used for topic to subscription matching .
zip a directory location
generates a hashmap for storing expanded state when activity is rotated or onresume ( ) is called .
adding an audio packet listener
convenience method for decoding data to a file .
create the extension from the passed der encoded value of the same .
creates a new environment instance .
format method for the o conversion character and long argument . < p / > for o format , the flag character ' - ' , means that the output should be left justified within the field . the default is to pad with blanks on the left . the
used to filter the given callback .
remove all blocks from the given section .
writes a string to a file creating the file if it does not exist .
returns true if an operand variable is of the given operand tree node .
called by the picker for updating the header display .
utility method to combine a list of ranges from a gts and a destination .
add an action to the list .
method which loads an index from a byte array .
obtains the url of the specified class file .
overwrite the unique id .
this method creates steps to create srdf pairs in a populated srdf group .
the base timestamp within the specified size in bytes .
should a navigation bar appear at the bottom of the screen in the current device configuration ? a navigation bar may appear on the right side of the screen in certain configurations .
for printing indices in a given point list .
receive notification of a recoverable xslt processing error .
get the head of the assocation list that is keyed by target .
create a unionpathiterator object , including creation of location path iterators from the opcode list , and call back into the compiler to create predicate expressions .
run method to get the application ' s src method .
read a record in the database . any field / value pairs in the specified values hashmap will be written into the record with the specified record key , overwriting any existing values with the same field name .
print a message reporting an error .
constant - time spookyhash 4 - word - state hashing reusing precomputed state partially .
returns true if there are more steps in the traversal .
adds an issuer to the criterion for the issuer distinguished names . < p > the crl issuer must match at least one of the specified distinguished names .
build the string required for an sql select statement : where key in ( ? , ? , . . . , ? ) without ' where ' and with selectioncount ' ? '
removes all node and its associated nodes from the cache .
write the given device to storage if we are master . use this method if the device has significantly changed ( e . g . , new ap , new ip , entities removed ) .
runs the test case .
assumes that array [ lower + 1 ] through to array [ upper ] is already in heap form and then puts array [ lower ] to array [ upper ] in heap form .
removes the provider from the internal processor queue .
creates the suffix from the trie .
take the url strings contained in the provided as a url should be ignored .
notify listeners that a task was started .
non - dom : check for valid xml characters as per the xml version
throw an exception if the specified method throws an exception .
uploads file artifact file .
escapes bytes in the format used in protocol buffer text format , which is the same as the format used for c string literals . all bytes that are not printable 7 - bit ascii characters are escaped , as well as backslash , single - quote , and double
load entire file contents
get an array of types for an array of objects
counts the number of letters in the input map to be merged document . note : this is generated
add a xml document to the project
skips spaces in the given string .
update the overflow file .
samples the selected assignment according to the selected assignment .
reads a certificate chain from an input stream
returns a new tunnel for the given rate .
associate the given value with the specified key .
rename existing table if the schema .
handle the result of reading last add confirmed .
add a new list , and return value at the list is not the list was added .
return true if there are no extension present in this generator .
saves the layout properties to the specified position .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
the nice value ( see setpriority ( 2 ) ) , a value in the range 19 ( low priority ) to - 20 ( high priority ) .
returns the size of the remaining password , defined by parameter * rotation matrix .
finds public non - static method that is accessible from public class .
helper http function to get list of my service cards based on keyword
adds a new alpha to this user
convenience method to return only the digits and plus signs in the matching string .
compares two method ref , char array argument is equal if a method is null
returns the first segment of a marker sequence after the given position .
open the input stream
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array of sources . < p > this operation doesn ' t change the current publishermerge instance .
handle an inline message .
< ! - - begin - user - doc - - > < ! - - end - user - doc - - >
validates the given uri is valid and valid .
creates the extension from the passed der encoded value of the given object .
generates monthly periods for the whole year in which the given period ' s startdate exists .
create a new aes key that should be private key
this method gets called when value changes .
parse a server response into a json object . this is a basic implementation using org . json . jsonobject representation . more sophisticated applications may wish to do their own parsing . the parsed json is checked for a variety of error fields and a facebookexception is thrown if
loads version information from the url .
find a page of author using query by example .
add a static view to appear at the end of the recyclerview . footers are displayed in the order they were added .
add a string to the start of the queue .
check if the session is still logged .
offer succeeds if a publisher with no subscribers returns lag 0
set the parent node . for an extension function , we also need to set the parent node for all argument expressions .
cleans a directory without deleting it .
returns true if this charset is known to be registered in the iana charset registry .
adds a constant to the request .
print the usage information for a message usage .
asserts that the given number of actual
instantiates a new spider svn parser .
flush any buffered messages .
adds a new transition .
checks whether the scheme alters the training dataset during training . if the scheme needs to modify the training data it should take a copy of the training data . currently checks for changes to header structure , number of instances , order of instances , instance weights .
is queue is empty
tests the primitive feature processor . xml .
read an array of entries from the store .
get the number of host initiators in this host .
add the certificates in certstore to the certificate set to be included with the generated signeddata message .
internal : process described in the database .
this method is responsible for namespaces
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
prints this exception ' s stack trace to a print writer . if this exception has a root exception ; the stack trace of the root exception is printed to the print writer instead .
converts the specified data into an array into an array .
test for correct error handling for a choice that has no icon element .
translate an attribute string for this member .
returns the next index id .
fills the fields with current values .
checks security and identity is properly valid .
retains ( keeps ) only the elements in the receiver that are contained in the specified other list . in other words , removes from the receiver all of its elements that are not contained in the specified other list .
converts the byte array to a list of strings
creates an index definition .
sets the ssl key store password .
instantiates a new zookeeper vm .
creates a previously - registered certchainlistener .
used to remove the messages that are no longer used .
removes the minimum and its subdirectories and the given subtree .
resets the counters to 0 .
copies the configuration from a source .
take a list of annotations of a type from a type .
updates the location of the track
compares two values , in a sort order of the values .
bind a property to a certain value .
remove a column from this table
write tab and write to the log file .
close the database connection .
constructs a new editor kit editor from a bayes im wrapper .
remove the specified action .
send a fatal error log message
determines if the literal is a literal mask .
generate a granularity instance based on a path element .
creates a new instance from the default locale .
closes all the persistent .
pushes a file to the sync queue
processes the given item .
resize the array to the exact provided size .
split uint8 to 2 bytes of high byte and low byte . e . g . 20 = 0x14 should be split to [ 0x01 , 0x04 ] 0x01 is high byte and 0x04 is low byte
pretty printing accumulator function for shorts
init all files used by a give directory .
removes the specified bandwidth type .
exit with a process success code .
current time from some fixed base time - so useful for cross machine comparison
collapses multiple newline into one of the target string .
creates the suffix from the trie .
prepare a class name .
extract the properties from the specified properties map .
removes the last item
ensures that the component name is visible .
returns the next available character , or the null character ' \ 0 ' if all input has been exhausted . the return value of this method is ambiguous for json strings that contain the character ' \ 0 ' .
end current representation to the switch .
creates a pie tool tip generator for the default number formatter .
splits the line into two character sequences .
creates a timer with a target class and an action .
read the tuple fields from the input stream .
adds a double and a string . if the double represents an integer tries to add it without trailing ' . 0 ' . if both are missing , then the result is missing ; if one is missing , it is ignored . if the double is infinite ,
removes the property change listener .
load the values for this step from an xml node
returns a hash code value for the given integer array .
called to notify that a consumption has finished .
generates the instruction to cast to the given type .
add a new trigger name mapping
reads a utf - 8 encoded string . since ascii is a subset of utf - 8 , this method may be used to read strings that are known to be ascii - only .
clears the temporary files .
method to read images ; it is in the file only if it ' s responsibility to be fully - only be read .
completed submit ( runnable , result ) returns result
expands an area by the amount of space represented by this object .
the method validates a query for the saml
build the absolute stats .
used to execute this plugin tool .
serialize the contents of this file
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
check if the specified field is a partition tag field
arranges the blocks with a fixed width and height .
helper method call to add ( ) .
helper method to scan the given string .
the given integer for the given integer .
send a packet to this packet .
handle a key typed event . this inserts the key into the text area .
fill classes with color mapping of classes defined classes .
verifies that fields have legal values .
create a program that satisfies an op_checkmultisig program , using pre - encoded signatures . optionally , appends the script program bytes if spending a p2sh output .
deletes the instances at the given positions
adds the listener as a listener of the specified type .
shared secret transformation as 256 . d . package .
returns true if the date .
add a new listener .
converts the provided string list to a string array .
transforms the html tags in html tags .
adds bytes from the buffer
creates a new http request
receive notification of character data .
append a tag to the sequence already exist .
additional arguments to the classifier
add the top level elements in the top level container .
run a sql instance of given sql statement .
write a block to the buffer
adds a new index entry or updates an existing index entry
method to find all workers .
deletes a number of the start of the document .
creates a new eventtype object for the given class if it is a bean ' ed .
reverse document order payment
use the specified subject to disable the current security
read an entity declaration . the value of internal entities are inline : < ! entity foo " bar " > the values of external entities must be retrieved by url or path : < ! entity foo system " http : / / host / file " > <
add a field with the specified value .
delete storage data from the storage .
adds a token to the adapter requests .
output the text node .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
returns true if the given example set contains an attribute .
loads the database from the given fileinputstream .
delete luns from the lun group
removes the given locatorreg from all the given set of the address .
returns true if the item is in the selected item set .
adds nodes to the cluster list .
returns a new provider instance mapped to a provider with the specified provider name .
attempts to cas - decrement the workercount field of ctl .
convert requests to http connection
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
constructs a new presenter
constructs a new endpoint with the given host .
tests fix for bug # 7 - > . .
amount of time that this process has been scheduled in kernel mode , measured in clock ticks ( divide by sysconf ( _sc_clk_tck ) ) .
construct a program rewriter for a given rewrite which is passed from outside .
creates the settings menu .
write a string to the output stream
check the given string is a valid java name
creates a list of arguments from the list of the given directory .
contains all available subdirectory of the specified directory , thereby .
gets the error stream from a process and reads it to keep the process from blocking due to a full buffer . the processed stream data is appended to the supplied appendable . a new thread is started , so this method will return immediately .
deletes the string wherever it occurs in the builder .
computes log likelihood of an entire clustering . version as used by zhao et al .
returns class for the given list of classes , returns .
check to see if this signature .
encodes a byte array into base 64 format and breaks the output into lines .
trims all the log files to size to kilobytes .
determines if the prompt contains ' login ' .
sorts the specified data using the quicksort
performs an approximated instance
whether audit is enable ? defaults to true .
returns true if the request is a terms request .
reads segments for a table from the file .
returns the time stamp for a given time from the current times .
below method will be used to update the min or max value by removing the length from it
construct a node in the result tree . this method is overloaded by xsl : attribute . at this class level , this method creates an element . if the node is null , we instantiate only the content of the node in accordance with section 7 . 1 .
check perform of type parameters in " valid . java source check , as of type 2 .
desirialize a struct object
create and parse allowable options
this method concatenates two byte arrays
initializes an input stream from a file .
creates an instance of extendeddismaxconfiguration . it will contain all the necessary parameters to parse the query
write the value to batch more statement
computes the maximum y axis
adds a listener to the focus list .
add a listener for mode changes
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
creates a mosaic levy .
this returns the effective search for the specified value .
measure item size in kilobytes rather than units which is more practical for a bitmap cache
checks that the predicate evaluates predicate in a predicate .
add margintop to simulate set fitssystemwindow false
converts hex values from strings to byte array
sends data to the device on this connection .
fetches schema from the default schema .
append a double array to the given string builder .
converts the provided array into a sparse array .
read a partitions from a file that was read .
check if a given long is still larger than the maximum threshold .
add a slide to the intro
draw a line onto the array , using the classic bresenham algorithm .
performs some processing on the given item .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
push the specified element onto the stack .
returns the cardinality ( number of bits 31 files ) .
create standard response header with optional cookie and print document . d : \ j2sdk1 . 4 . 0 \ docs \ guide \ intl \ encoding . doc . html
cast a object to a long object ( reference type )
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
this method to the grid location and zoom level .
tests that internal state of the object can not be changed by modifying initial array value
stops the signal server .
the amount of ping received from the check for a ping
look up an object literal .
resets the calendar area of new scrolling entity .
builds the toolbar for the " st " word .
test the time for a plain object
runs the test case .
add a new flag to this db .
get an iterator over all children of this node that have the given children .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
creates a new folder in the current directory with the name create_directory_name .
p - empirical prior . in the multi - label case , k in { 0 , 1 }
setup and run a test .
always returns 0 , exception tests fail no positive test case for black - box test possible : no default value indicated . not supported
make a json text of an object value . < p > warning : this method assumes that the data structure is acyclical .
determines if the specified annotation is a valid android annotation .
message processing test , start service
adds the class path segment .
load all directories associated with this configuration .
make a new individuum helper , opcode .
find all classes within a class .
determines whether or not a value is of slavo - germanic orgin . a value is of slavo - germanic origin if it contians any of ' w ' , ' k ' , ' cz ' , or ' witz ' .
a slightly modified list of items from the small slot .
responsible for generating the animations that moves the tabs back in from discard attempt or commit the current discard ( if any ) . it also re - even the tabs if one of then is removed .
formats a double value .
a locale independent version of tolowercase .
runs the given to do a list .
invoked when a processing exception occurs .
registers the transform part of this transform .
terminate this entire set of coroutines . the others will be deregistered and have exceptions thrown at them . note that this is intended as a panic - shutdown operation ; under normal circumstances a coroutine should always end with co_exit_to ( ) in order to politely inform at least
shrinks the capacity of the buffer to the current length if necessary . this method involves copying the data once !
creates a new logical or condition with the provided sub - conditions .
discard any allocations that hold data prior to the specified absolute position , returning them to the allocator .
create new hop given host , port and transport .
updates the components of the view
write a single character .
* * * capture node and event listener
computes the bulk - should only be able to import routine .
return true if the number of multiple ?
method to compare all the object classes in the set with the specfied object class . will do a case insensitive comparision .
writes an int field value .
returns natural logarithm of factorial using gamma function .
timed wait for a response to a pending operation .
atomically adds the given value to the current value of the field of the given object managed by this updater .
closes a closeable without throwing an exception .
append a byte array to the file . if the file was already exists , it will be overwritten .
notify listeners that list all listeners .
convert a ipv4 address from an integer to an inetaddress .
creates a stream open and writes it to the server
plus ( mathcontext ) for a positive bigdecimal
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
adds the key - value mapping to the cache iff there is no entry for that key . note that a cleared reference under a key is treated in exactly the same manner as if there were no entry under the key ( the entry under the key is replaced
determine the common suffix of two strings
closes the input source .
start the publishing monitor thread itself .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
todo : need to begin frame at maximum screen
scale up the icon either resizing animation .
verifies the syntax of the target name and recreates any transient state .
converts the characters in this jvm to lowercase , using the default locale .
decodes base64 data into octects
sorts the block source list
gets and removes the head of the queue .
instantiates a new removes the movie set action .
create the new remote reference .
read from monitored file , report any changed values for udp statistics . not thread - safe , only call from a single thread .
does a given url point to google book search , regardless of domain .
resets internal state to the initial state .
fixes the whitespace character after the last character is added to the user .
handles duplicate request handler request .
check whether this cache is equal to the time is considered old .
makes the given visitor visit this stack map frame .
returns an array of " key = value " strings containing information not otherwise easily available , such as # defined library versions .
handles a done query .
write the given device to storage if we are master . use this method if the device has significantly changed ( e . g . , new ap , new ip , entities removed ) .
get the current instance of the node , including all edges .
returns the values in the actual operation .
tear down after testing .
browse mvp view method
initialize ( or re - initialize ) this iterator .
create a new localdate day - 1 .
the function convert_transverse_mercator_to_geodetic converts transverse mercator projection ( easting and northing ) coordinates to geodetic ( latitude and longitude ) coordinates , according to the current ellipsoid and transverse mercator projection parameters . if any errors occur , the error code ( s ) are returned by the function ,
checks that all elements have been computed .
virtualized support for map . get ( ) ; overridden in subclasses .
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
checks for the presence of a processor .
registers a language limit
returns the index of the smallest value in an array that is greater than ( or optionally equal to ) a specified key . < p > the search is performed using a binary search algorithm , and so the array must be sorted .
adds a user record to the database using the specified user . if the sql connection .
complete ' s current buffer . this operation can be reused and destination .
adds a new network host .
add to - be - reconciled flow to the queue .
construct this object from one of the strings in the " fmt_list " parameter
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache .
creates a jar file and saves it to a jar file
appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided integer value .
expect a server proxy failure with the given proxy server .
re - measure the loading views height , and adjust internal padding as necessary
remove the entry associated with the key .
all the attributes specified in the configuration .
returns true if this triangle has no components .
inserts column at the right ( insert ) column )
returns the index of string s in the reply
utility to calculate the appropriate amount of action items and client
loads the class fields from a file .
invokes a bulk command method and arguments .
adds the singular counter along the given double .
adds a client external to be used in - memory external client .
deletes the given resource and the associated file
method that adds the export snapshot step for a single volume
inference by gibbs sampling .
removes the data token .
report version info from sax interfaces . currently distinguishes between sax 2 , sax 2 . 0beta2 , sax1 , and not found .
returns true if the given signature checksum is valid for the data is the signature .
adjust min / pref size for columns ( or rows ) that has components that spans multiple columns ( or rows ) .
dumps the content of a byte buffer into a hex string .
parses the file to the chat event queue . events received at the reader is closed after each line feed .
copies the input sequence that is not enclosed , but does not b .
returns the network parameters for the supplied id .
add the certificates in certstore to the certificate set to be included with the generated signeddata message .
write this is used to write the header for serialization to the stream .
finds the angle in a given target to the point .
helper method used to append whitespace characters to the end of each rendered element .
clears the given resource index .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
special handling to check if we have a valid byte array for both header and transactions
generates the last 365 days where the last one is the day of the given date .
gets the set of labels required at the time of matching the vertex in a cypher match pattern . this implementation returns a single label if partition contains a single label , otherwise an empty set ( predicate required to match vertices ) .
reset any report section in the list .
adds a new category to the category list .
callnonvirtualintmethodv : invoke a virtual method that returns an object
tries to send all other messages to all connected hosts ordered by their delivery probability
make a dark color to ripple effect
tests creating a stream of streams from consistent with streams of data
cache a client id .
processes an entity reference .
returns matching node or null if none . tries to search using tree comparisons from root , but continues linear search when lock not available .
utility method to query the modifier flags of this member .
implements that top - level image single task submission that is defined by the imageconsumer interface .
return solution ( id ( id )
locate the best instance of ' pattern ' in ' text ' near ' loc ' using the bitap algorithm . returns - 1 if no match found .
normalize a face of cell ids from " scalar " of two cells are shifted by multiple threads ( ) .
checks if a response message contains a body .
is called when project .
closes this audio input stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream .
copied from a number
checks if the time stamp of this scheduler .
returns the values when this job .
create and add a new label
appends the given relative path to the end of the path .
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified value .
execute ( null runnable ) throws nullpointerexception
read a signed 16 bit value
true iff there is a granted group .
add a preprocessor directive like # define , # extension , # version etc .
format a date according to our stored formatter .
removes all of the elements from this set . the list will be empty after this call returns .
filter out elements that do not have a property with provided key . ? value
adds an attribute value to this entry .
copies given inputstream to an outputstream .
prints the type of the given list of classes .
the basic assume that the table arrays .
processes the given event .
find free space on the windows platform using the ' dir ' command .
attach to the header list of the specified header .
take the given text .
stop the thread . exit with an exception code .
computes the state machine for a number .
returns a hashcode for the specified object .
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one . these mappings replace any mappings that this map had for any of the keys currently in the specified map .
asserts that the actual pivotfield matches the expected criteria
returns a string representation of this object
flatten a string [ ] into an xmlserializer . the list can later be read back with readthisstringarrayxml ( ) .
iterates over the file tree of a directory . it receives a visitor and will call its methods for each file in the directory . previsitdirectory ( directory ) visitfile ( file ) - recursively the same for every subdirectory postvisitdirectory ( directory )
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
highlights all the text views in the passed text .
reads next variable length block from input .
process one block of input from the array in and write it to the out array .
get the mqtt topic for a command .
checks that the given argument is null . it checks to make sure it its value .
executes a http post request
test against the " void setseed ( byte [ ] ) " method ; it checks out that " setseed ( byte [ ] ) " method supplements its argument to current seed rather than replaces current seed
rotates the given image by 270 degrees while changing the ratio of the picture
creates a new filter .
execute the callable wrapping checked exceptions inside a runtimeexception .
returns a string of the given string by spaces .
decodes lzw image data into pixel array . adapted from john cristy ' s imagemagick .
returns the hash code value for this timestamp .
constructs a new defaultterminalfactory with the given charset .
verbose log message with printf formatting .
checks if is cell editable .
check if list is already done . if we have completed . if we have enough data is done .
we only want the current page that is being shown to be focusable .
add the given package name to the priority queue
action to be performed
verify certificate against the given certificate .
expands standard input string with the standard input .
constructs new audio capabilities based on a set of supported encodings and a maximum channel count .
returns true if the edge labels are currently showing
creates a file extension with the given name .
creates the default inverse cumulative probability test expected values .
appends the string representation of the boolean argument to this string buffer . the argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then appended to this string buffer .
deletes server instances in a server .
equivalent to the character buffer .
sorts the specified range of the array using the given workspace array slice if possible for merging
report a fatal xslt processing error .
add a terminal to the list of terminal .
create the exception if path doesn ' t exist .
stop recording of quote
writes a tag to the output stream .
returns the hash code value for this timestamp . the hash code is generated using the date and time of the timestamp and the tsa ' s certificate path .
get type variable for the given type node .
validates the authentication credentials .
iterates from this number down to the given number , inclusive , decrementing by one each time .
adds select expressions within the select clause .
remove listener for pv changes
test whether a geo of a geo time serie . it ' s a non - linear ) range of all samples .
load the properties from the properties file
returns the gamma function of the argument .
instantiates a new progress progress update .
parse the repository expression .
closes this reader . this implementation releases the buffer used for the pipe and notifies all threads waiting to read or write .
add a section to the end of the list
load a genome relationships file
get the version of the number of digits .
executes the algorithm , producing ( at least ) a result workbench . must be implemented in the extending class .
return true if two double values are equal , false if one .
load the json file into a map .
splits the provided line into sub parts .
convenience method that creates the blockobject data for a volume object .
a method that can be used by type and convert it to a map .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
delete ( delete ) sms from all contacts
checks if we can be compared , in this block list
check to see if the database has been closed .
splits the specified size into partitions into partitions .
validates the authentication credentials from a auth instance .
convert to a uuid external error string
reads and returns the next line , excluding the line separator if present .
decodes a byte array from base64 format . no blanks or line breaks are allowed within the base64 encoded input data .
make a gradient gradient .
returns a list of all registered pattern in the string .
deletes storage server stat info of the group
creates routing node no limit on how may nodes this node can connect to
check that all of the given tables appear in the same order .
find any module matching the user ( s in the module
writes a bitmap ' s device
parse a sentence to create a single sentence and set .
replace the old child with a new child .
gets the hash code for the specified multi - key .
flushes the internal buffer and close all buffers .
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix
adds an entry to the entry list .
updates the position of the current position and position .
flush the contents of the writer .
construct a video stream from one of the strings obtained from the " url_encoded_fmt_stream_map " parameter if the video_info
compares the two strings for equality .
flushes the underlying stream , but leaves the internal buffer alone .
start setup running servers
set the default use .
constructs a new wrapper to collect runtime dynamics .
removes a service provider object from service configuration .
set the first time to the first time zone .
support for an item .
writes an float field value .
decode the supplied byte array , generating and appending the supplied number of error correction bytes to be used .
convert a string array to an array list of strings .
return a path for a scroll bar button . this is used when the buttons are placed apart at opposite ends of the scroll bar . this is a common shape that is transformed to the appropriate button .
removes all views from the adapter and updates the adapter .
validates whether the specified validator is valid for this test input .
converts the given line of text to a destination text file .
returns the hyperbolic sine of the number .
add notification to message stack .
it checks if the attributes have modified .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
builds new annotation for issue .
this is used to load the full import from a csv instance
returns a random sample of the given dbids .
draws a message size in the range size list .
grab the method arguments from the signature
removes a listener from the set of listeners
javax . net . ssl . sslcontextspi # enginecreatesslengine ( ) verify exception when sslcontextspi object wasn ' t initialiazed .
iterate through all the attributes and send to the group .
add a new value to the array map .
reset the candidate parser settings , making each parser equally likely .
redefine this extendedtype object to represent a different extended type . this is intended to be used only on the hashet object . using it elsewhere will mess up existing hashtable entries !
writes a long to the specified position .
create a straight line from the current path point to the new one specified by x and y .
delete the replication set
moves the main thread to the next available space . < p hasn ' responsibility to another thread .
adds wheel changing listener
create search complete frame .
see the general contract from the input stream .
tests fail : always returns null arguments .
attempts to create a log instance for the given category name . follows the discovery process described in the class javadoc .
creates a nsdata object from a file . using the files contents as the contents of this nsdata object .
creates a new viaheader based on the newly supplied uri and branch values .
provides a string representation of this object .
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
finds index of the string . returns - 1 if the string was not found .
part of the json api . creates a new user account .
resolves an extension from the given context .
check whether this name is a valid character valid character .
constructs a new instance of a secure server socket .
checks if the given character is a chars attribute .
returns a hash code value for this object .
creates a new command handler object .
tells whether a given type is a float
invoked when the scroll bar has been scrolled .
creates a new instance of the given type .
removes a mapping at the specified index from this list .
removes the given model from the list of comments .
reads map data from the map .
approximation of a number of digits .
after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center , post - rotation .
follows changes in the file , calling the tailerlistener ' s handle method for each new line .
with child view to processing move events
test with the test instances
adds a new region to the request .
resets the global tree .
asserts that a throwable against a consumer .
returns true if this model contains no nodes .
asserts that a boolean value is true .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
creates a new tag value and adds key - value pairs .
allows for the debug output .
attempts to prepare the request for a retry . if there are no more attempts remaining in the request ' s retry policy , a timeout exception is thrown .
sorts the given file in ascending natural order
add directory to scan for saves avatars
returns a node to the specified node list
process properties of a property node . if a time out of a time . the common .
adds an idrepo plugin to the configuration
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . creates the root directory if necessary .
returns the key associated with the given key .
returns true if the given string is a valid number .
paints a portion of a highlight .
receives a char and stores it into the pipedreader . this called by pipedwriter . write ( ) when writes occur . < p > if the buffer is full and the thread sending # receive is interrupted , the interruptedioexception will be thrown .
converts a buffer to a bytebuffer .
implements outputstream . write ( int ) in terms of outputstream . write ( byte [ ] , int , int ) . outputstream assumes that you implement outputstream . write ( int ) and provides default implementations of the others , but often the opposite is more efficient .
perform the actual encoding of a local uri .
generates an utterance for announcing screen on and screen off .
calculate matrix for fit_center
resets the counter to the start time .
read an integer from the input stream .
runs the test case .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
addissuer ( x500principal issuer ) method testing . tests if crls with specified issuers match the selector , and if not specified issuer does not match the selector .
adds a tag transformation to this tag transformation .
this method will be used to check whether a file has been modified or not
return the characters up to the next close quote character . backslash processing is done . the formal json format does not allow strings in single quotes , but an implementation is allowed to accept them .
read an existing file .
compute the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors
returns true if the database is present .
checks if a player is a valid regular expression .
does not write the script with a message .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
returns the best parse for state " state " , potentially starting with a unary rule
parses attributes of the docuemnt element for this object .
calculates the distance between two given points in the plane .
draws the description text in the center of the pie chart makes most sense when center - hole is enabled
description of the method
pads spaces onto the end of the value to make it ' places ' long
creates and registers an error result code with the application value .
adds all the specified exception
set the initial video
creates a new resource locator
checks if the exception is one of the intended server side exception that has been thrown over the aidl layer .
creates a new project registry .
expose an mbean to be registered in this mbean .
subtract two negative numbers of different length . the second is longer .
blocks until the message is finished .
read a fixed size of bytes from the input .
if checkdups is false , delete the service ( if present ) from servicebyattr under all attribute values of the given entry or from servicebyemptyattr if the entry has no attributes . if checkdups is true , only delete for a given attribute value if the service has no other
tests dsa algorithmparameters provider
utility method to query the modifier flags .
loads the log file for the given license , overwriting any existing log file .
creates a new htmlstripcharfilter over the provided map of html tags .
update the user by query
the likelihood of a tag in given document .
returns a description of the classifier .
are all the modes allowed ?
test bulk get / put byte [ ] methods with offset and length .
add an item to the last index of the dialog
returns true if the current host has a messages .
call this method from your guiscreen to process the keys into the textbox
create a marker name from an image name
add the given channel names to this channel set .
deletes a directory recursively .
displays a set of all statements for a single property definition .
deletes any empty folder from the db .
perform an asynchronous sum operation
write ( byte [ ] b ) method testing . tests that method writes correct values to the underlying output stream .
parses the document input from the provided input string .
check if a volume is a production volume
test that the connection in the primary ?
decodes a given url string into its original form using the specified encoding .
wait until next s starts at least one observation .
a mapping vector is a vector of vectors of mappingobject objects . adds mapping vector mapping vector obtained from a tlaexpr object by a mapping of tomappingvector to produce the mapping vector that would have resulted from that call if the entire expression had been moved to the right by
computes the correct maximum length for a line .
writes an image map to an output stream .
adds a text message to the note .
returns a string representation of the logout response .
returns a list of strings to a list of strings in the collection .
returns the minimum of the specified iterable .
attempts to read the specified .
append a string onto the vector .
determines an item stack from all input items
determines how many days ago time was ( rounded down ) .
checks if a xml character is well - formed
xor for zero and zero
call the specified callback when a ' rail ' receives a cancellation .
java . util . arrays # fill ( char [ ] , int , int , char )
add missing values to a dataset .
insert discovery objects into the database .
modifies the configuration object .
removes a listener for when tabs are selected , reselected , or deselected
creates a new connect to the uri manager .
add volumes to an exportmask in the group .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
convert the specified string to an input stream , encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding .
has the user chosen to export to pvk ?
generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key .
creates a new tick .
returns whether the engine is currently running .
writes error log message and exception at the given level .
add a member to the import list .
returns if modifier is public . note that in our case modifier can be mix ( public and private for example ) .
generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key .
convert a userpreference genericvalue to a userprefmap .
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
append a string to the stringbuffer , escaping of the jsonobject .
deletes the user ' s properties from the properties .
writes error occurred in a component into a log .
removes the provided processor from the stack .
clamp the magnitude of value for absmin and absmax . if the value is below the minimum , it will be clamped to zero . if the value is above the maximum , it will be clamped to the maximum .
returns the animation type or 0 if cannot be found .
append a string onto the vector .
check if the given method is a method call
delete a node from the graph . this update the underlying structure of the graph ( including dependencies ) via listeners updates .
responds to the update button - update to signalgroup table
returns a string representation of the debugger .
checks whether snowball is present in the classpath .
the real guts of parsenetworkresponse . broken out for readability .
returns the result of the kernel evaluation on the supplied vectors
set local batch for batch .
decodes an array of url safe 7 - bit characters into an array of original bytes . escaped characters are converted back to their original representation .
clears the simulated image .
adds a dataset dynamically .
pass the call on to the underlying handler
create a libvlc withs options
adds a child to the display list at the specified index , bumping children at equal or greater indexes up one , and setting its parent to this container
calculate probability of data at descendants from node , given a color at the node ( ' partials ' ) , by a felsenstein - like pruning algorithm . ( first step in the color sampling algorithm ) side effect : updates nodepartials [ ] for this node and all
column - squared column numeric ] .
appends a json encoded key / value pair to the given string builder .
creates a time object from a given date - if the date is between 1950 and 2049 a utctime object is generated , otherwise a generalizedtime is used .
creates new dproviderinfo dialog where the parent is a frame .
create a new initial translation instance with a new initial value .
if this item equals to the given object
adds a new column to the set of columns . this is used for get_columns visitors .
decode the base64 - encoded data in input and return the data in a new byte array . < p > the padding ' = ' characters at the end are considered optional , but if any are present , there must be the correct number of them .
check that the number of the value of num
fills the string with spaces .
open the producer for reading .
calculates kernel value of vectors x and y .
closes the wrapped stream .
takes a list of files and writes it as a " file of file names " ( i . e . a file with one filepath on each line ) to the destination file , overwriting the destination file if it exists . note the filepath used is the absolute
sets the " internal " flag on type ids which are defined in the dex file or within the vm ( e . g . primitive classes and arrays ) .
returns the trigonometric cosine of this angle .
how much of the variance is explained by the given target .
return the number of issues in this collection .
append a character sequence to this writer .
generate a iso - 8601 string with a time .
gets the value of an enumerated attribute and remove it from the list . enumerated values are case - insensitive .
copy the given byte array to this writer .
imports a key . this shared object and run offset and unique keys .
creates a new connection tree .
check if the given reader contains a single space character .
add a button listener .
gets content from metatag
removes the given columns
reads service schema instance .
re - populate the preference
adds a types of types to the types of the program .
multiply histogram by scalar .
paints the border at the specified point .
adds to list of cached metadata .
convert a map to json text . the result is a json object . if this map is also a jsonaware , jsonaware specific behaviours will be omitted at this top level .
prints the message and context .
returns the number of method invoked so far .
helper method to associate request ids to shared preference keys
saves the soap managenameid service .
helper method to the device we have to be done
returns a handle denoting the class member identified by its scope .
return a list of all the files )
ensures that the security manager is set .
invoice : payment . ( id
performs interaction between client ' s httpsurlconnection and servers side ( serversocket ) . server will response with specified response code .
generates a unique engine id . the engine id unicity is based on the host ip address and port . the ip address is the localhost one . the creation algorithm uses the passed iana number .
extract the file attributes from a file name file .
dispose of object , releasing resources . it ' s very important to call this method when you are done with this object . it will release any resources used by it such as service connections . naturally , once the object is disposed of , it can ' t
do the xml document referered by the specified document .
add an issue during transformation . duplicate issues will be detected and stored only once . this is typically called by the specific transformation subclass .
inserts several nodes at ones . reindex is done onl once , after all children are added .
creates the ntlm hash of the user ' s password .
check if the argument is zero and can be parsed and returns false if the argument
substitutes parameter types process .
x . logequals ( ) calculates the power of each element of the matrix . the result is stored in the matrix .
splits the camel string into sub - case strings .
use an xpath string to select a nodelist . xpath namespace prefixes are resolved from the namespacenode .
constructs a result file entry with the specified non - dominated population and auxiliary properties .
generates source code for a given user .
creates a new conversion type .
action to be performed
applies all parameter types of the parameter types to the parameter types .
rotates the subtree so that its root ' s right child is the new root .
add node to map .
checks if there is a backup set on the filesystem .
returns a string of all the elements contained tokens
write a string without compression
parses the supplied resource loader from the specified resource
shuts down the executor service .
returns the scale factor for a view from the point to the view coordinate space .
called when the host is disposed . this occurs when the bean is de - referenced and not retained by any other objects .
adds the descriptor to the list of detected tokens .
returns true if the ip addresses , if " bits " bits , otherwise false .
compiles the progress cluster .
returns a string with all double values concatenated by a specified separator .
put an unsigned byte into the specified bytebuffer at the current position
returns the number of the prameters included in the given descriptor .
return a trie with infrequent values occurring in the given trie removed .
is all the exclude all user is all ?
returns returns a key for all the col names , for better readability if the names got cut off .
create a formatter based on the provided locale .
wait for an external storage to be started
append a node onto the vector .
uploads apk on local device . apk . apk which is specified in device returns true if device is expected to upload the local device .
reads an input stream into a list of byte values .
uninstall package and clear data of app silent by root
begin a new track to the audio player
adds the provided user friendly names .
schedule a task for repeated fixed - rate execution after a specific time has been reached .
tests stepping backwards through a reversed range with a closure .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
this method will check the digits before dot with the max precision allowed
deserialize a string representation of a node to a node .
append given name / value pairs as query parameters to the base url < p / > the params argument is interpreted as a sequence of name / value pairs so the given number of params must be divisible by 2 .
sends the specified event to the android event bus .
applies the given comments .
returns the next revision information . ( does not contain the encoded diff )
add editor - value to parameterpanel
indexes the data values for the given field name for each tuple in the provided iterator . these values are used to construct an internal data structure allowing fast searches over these attributes . to index multiple fields , simply call this method multiple times with the desired field names
close outputstream without a exception
adds a new search listener
getter to determine whether the method has a single attribute .
methods for starting asynchronous execution .
renames the file underlying this cache span to update its last access time .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
opens a file for the browser user .
convert an iso formatted string ( including time ) data set )
toggle the selection status of the item at a given position
called before initial tick .
converts a byte array into a byte array .
after rotating , the matrix needs to be translated . this function finds the area of image which was previously centered and adjusts translations so that is again the center , post - rotation .
invokes the wrapped producer method .
wraps a name and its output separated list .
adds the given issue matcher to the issue matcher .
get annotated annotation of annotation
jdbc 2 . this is the fastest method for 0 .
removes a propertychangelistener from the listener list .
advances the iterator to previous search .
constructs a singlesubscriptionarbiter with the given image , which you can be reused .
determines whether a compound name is a prefix of this composite name . a composite name ' n ' is a prefix if it is equal to getprefix ( n . size ( ) ) - - in other words , this composite name starts with ' n ' .
creates the form " missing " method declaration .
invokeany ( c ) returns result of some task in c if at least one completes
creates a new listener for the configuration file .
sign the given checksum url with the java serialization mechanisms .
creates a time period that includes the specified start time .
create the workspace create and return a possibly add it .
removes the given listener from the list of listeners .
starts the current state .
determines if the current item is well
see if the data is signed or not .
parse a text representation of a json data structure .
the number of parts in this multipart body .
load simple database from a file .
add a filter to the list of normal filters .
called when the service when the service thread .
returns null if there is nothing left .
create a new local install later .
add new layer with one layer in the neurons .
shiftright ( int n ) , n < 0
add a source and c2
find the index of the next character in the specified string .
reads the next encoded content from the encoded input stream . the method must be used for reading a primitive encoded content .
creates a primitive type .
creates a new payment info and add operation and credits objects
reads a sequence of bytes from this file into the given buffer . < p > < p > bytes are read starting at this file ' s current position , and then the position is updated with the number of bytes actually read .
clear the calendar instances for this calendar
returns the probability distribution function .
appends an integer to the given buffer .
draw the 12 text values at the positions specified by the textgrid parameters .
test de busqueda active directory with con atributos
handle a key pressed event by key
returns a hash code value for this object .
remove leading period from string s .
check if the passed in directory is required to be present in the configuration data set .
creates the instance of tls v1 connection state . all of the security parameters are provided by session object .
calculate matrix for fit_center
removes labels from the label and removes all the labels ) from the labels which are not associated with zero .
rotate theta degrees about the z axis
convert a utc datetime in millis to an encoded date in the default timezone .
perform an asynchronous max operation
create new client using the provided settings .
creates a signature array of the given type and size .
prints a newline to standard output and then terminates the line .
increases the size of the internal buffer to the given number of bytes .
handle the instance weights .
determine whether it is loaded more
add a new worker only if there are no idle worker .
removes the node at the head of the frontier , adds the corresponding state to the explored set , and returns the node .
encode ' % ' - escaped characters .
creates a new bitmap font with the specified dimensions of the given image .
returns true if the pool is small .
returns a simple string representation of the dataset with the type and the number of entries .
paints the callable without trapping checked exceptions .
tokenizes the given string into string tokens .
add a proxy to the given protocol to the given proxy
adds given line to the header .
reads the remainder of a reader .
create a set of collected statements .
creates a vao for the scene .
returns true if the file content
load up a char - based image from the given file .
update the receipt the receipt of all information stored in db .
add an animation to the choreographer panel
if discovery fails , then mark the system as unreachable . the discovery framework will remove the storage system from the database .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
encodes the application data into ssl / tls record . if handshake status of the engine differs from not_handshaking the operation can work without consuming of the source data . for more information about tls record fragmentation see tls v 1 specification ( http : / / www . ietf
initialize the set of words based on a word .
check if the given range is in the range [ min , max ] .
removes all zip files from the given path
add an operator property .
removes the given column from the table .
check protection set exists in db
put string to byte [ ]
checks igfs file getter
atomically updates the current value with the results of applying the given function , returning the updated value . the function should be side - effect - free , since it may be re - applied when attempted updates fail due to contention among threads .
close the activity for listening to no longer receives .
tests whether a service should be marked as a resource . the service should be marked as well , we only require that the service information , the application is still available in the future .
generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base64 - encoded public key .
generates a messages in the exception , which is non - finished .
determines the content of the current view based on the best rect its bounds .
create a new windowsdirectory for the named location .
adds a reminder rule to record the digits .
recompose the top level variable and parameter declarations .
this method handles a property change notification .
sort the values in the sort order . the sort is sorted accordingly , and the number of values is sorted .
execute update based on the sql statement given
encrypts the matrix of a given matrix . the matrix . the ratio of the image .
initializes the persistent object ' s implementation .
adds an array of indices .
returns the cookie with the specified cookie date and cookie
loads the serialized object from json .
for the reduction of location path parts , create a list of all the multistep paths with more than one step , sorted by the number of steps , with the most steps occuring earlier in the list . if the list is only one member , don ' t
add a subset of register .
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate3 ( ) . deletes all referencing rows and then updates referenced one
performs the exceptional out of a block . use this method for each basic block in the basic block .
build a single iteration iteration .
returns the text matched by the current regular expression .
attempts to the file so it ' s absolute path .
convert a string representation of each string object .
parse the content type of the specified byte array starting at the specified off .
no longer used in protocol code to be used in testing .
decode the base 64 encoded string data writing it to the given output stream , whitespace characters will be ignored .
set the beginning of the next contour relative to the last point on the last line . if there is no previous contour .
creates the output results .
write the start data to the output stream
add to actual min qty
checks whether a character is a vowel or not .
creates one buffer for the camera preview callback . the size of the buffer is based off of the camera preview size and the format of the camera image .
submits task to execution pool
prints the stack trace to the specified print writer and prints the exceptions to the specified print writer .
initialize the physics ( body ) .
readdata - initialize the modbus message from din .
removes the element at the specified position in this list . shifts any subsequent elements to the left ( subtracts one from their indices ) . returns the element that was removed from the list .
create edges for this demo graph
uses the pagination parameters from the data store , the order by priority query .
builds a single row of components in the panel .
adds additional target elements . if the user hovers over any of the target elements , the tooltip will appear .
adds a sub - quantile
divide : rounding mode is round_up , result is negative
uses system intent to remote file .
it opens the counter binary file for writing
create a new compositepredicate .
read the next word ( next token ) .
provides a comment the given string .
determine if a file or directory exists .
builds the class extending to the classes
float value of a negative bigdecimal
replaces the very first occurrence of a substring with supplied string .
abstract method to associate the dolby .
add an object to methodize
return the first child element returns the first element .
the main ( ) method is ignored in correctly deployed javafx application .
returns a hash code value for this object .
tests the functionality of the method , which allows to add all helper text colors , which are contained by a password .
applies max norm to the histogram .
adds a graphic to the overlay .
this method writes a string to a file .
returns a hash code value for a color .
returns a random number between start ( inclusive ) and end ( exclusive ) .
writes a input stream ' s contents .
called by native code is associated with the orientation has changed .
find the first polygon that edge of points from the provided in which must be the first edge set .
retrieve an keymap instance by its key .
check if a new terminal
transforms a string that represents a uri into something more proper , by adding or canonicalizing the protocol .
removes the mapping from the specified key , if there was any .
add a new match to the string builder
stops the timer at the start at the first time .
creates a single row for a single row .
removes set of characters from string .
adds all columns referenced by columnindexes to the query as generated keys .
loads the token frequencies from the database .
copies all data from one stream
should only be called if adapter that list is to be list
new bigdecimal ( double value displayed
copy a component to this store .
compute the zeta constant needed for the distribution . do this incrementally for a distribution that has n items now but used to have st items . use the zipfian constant theta . remember the new value of n so that if we change the itemcount , we ' ll
calculate total amount of all pending bytes . if total is too many times . stop count .
this loads the profile of the user
scrolls to the specified index .
generates a device - and invocation - specific seed to be mixed into the linux prng .
determines whether the given symbol represents an operator .
parse the commit counter file counter .
loads a xml document from a file .
returns a new node comment node comment .
refer the same api in assignment service
returns a single label mode .
match the given number of all the rule
assigns the cluster centers of cluster ids .
end the path segment and draws the current contour file .
instantiates a new tv show episode scrape task .
save selection & return selection query or " "
creates a modelmbeaninfosupport with the given name and description .
sets the script task that contains a task has completed
create a temporary directory that is a child of the given directory
return the host uri , as a string .
move the cursor to the bottom center to the new location .
sends an event to all listeners .
handles columns whose header maps to the given point
create a fixed records from a fixed number of records .
adds the given attributes to this parameters if they are not already present .
recompose the attribute - set declarations .
splits the given string using the given regex as delimiters . this method is the same as the string . split ( ) method ( except it throws the results in a list ) , and is included just to give a call that is parallel to the other static
deletes all files in a given directory recursively .
specialized version of find to get last valid node .
invoked to pass stream data . the data passed should not include the 3 byte start code .
counts the size of a directory recursively ( sum of the length of all files ) .
pans the view provided by this display in absolute ( i . e . item - space ) coordinates .
< p > hashcode for equals method
returns the url of the product wiki page .
called to notify that a consumption has finished .
computes the mean of a list of numbers .
convert a byte array to hexadecimal
initializes an input stream from a url .
process the own id for if any
convert html entities to html entities .
writes vector of opaque values
unlock user interface called from database
build a map of uri to cached storagesystem for the underlying arrays .
password based encryption using aes - cbc 256 bits .
returns strongest measurement for each wifi within bounding box from tbl_wifis .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
called when a kit is removed from the kit .
actions a pull event
indicates whether this client is secure .
sample the sample into the new sample .
prepare a tenant tenant
report a fatal error .
this will draw the node highlighted to the graphics context .
factory method to create an instance of a class names .
use for apply pinchzoom functionality to your imageview
empirical unconditional hilbert - schmidt dependence measure for x and y using incomplete cholesky decomposition to approximate gram matrices
parses a double option , uses default if option is missing .
are the lines created by the user
increases the capacity to ensure that it can hold at least the number of elements specified by the minimum capacity argument .
clean up a class name and returns the given method name .
closes the output file .
lock a locking of the active lock .
creates a statement interceptor to monitor query response times
from update response , from database .
setup the setup from the database
utility method to load client id
adds a field property update to the named field values for this bean
parse the supplied pattern .
a method to retrieve a map of key - value pairs .
the graphical representation of a series .
begin the given user , logging by the user and workspace .
check if the class name is a valid class name .
updates this event to the specified number of days
return true if a scan job has expired
removes a set of breakpoints from the breakpoint manager .
replaces an existing creationtemplate with the one of the configuration file .
read a serialized object .
adds the specified item to this list model . if the item already exists , the list model is unchanged .
using some super basic byte array & lt ; - & gt ; hex conversions so we don ' t have to rely on any large base64 libraries . can be overridden if you like !
create a new server definition .
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes . the number of bytes is 4 . the most significant byte is positive .
completedstage returns a completed completionstage
write directory post resource
trim the array to the required size .
returns the name of the given kind of this table .
removes curlmesh to this renderer .
convert a list of samples into a list .
helper method to send runnable into local handler loop
returns true if this distribution manager has been closed .
insert a request to the script .
copies stream , fires progress events by listener , can be interrupted by listener .
adds an instruction to the graph .
ensure the capacity and the buffer is at least the specified .
removes the provided user friendly name .
read a document instance from a given a list of xml .
add entity by id in memory
checks if a database exists .
create an omraster , lat / lon placement with an imageicon .
locate the vertices and the codewords area of a black blob using the start and stop patterns as locators .
copy stream from one stream to another .
writes the contents up to the page .
parses a string which may be a valid xml string . this method is used for debugging purposes .
generate code to invoke a method to get method invocation method .
format a link l .
constructs a new jsonexception with the specified cause .
a method to make sure that all required components .
initializing the property list .
returns all directories in the given directory .
adds the string representation for this text edit and its children to the given string buffer .
encodes an unsigned value using the specified output value .
removes the given cell from the model overlay .
removes the given foreign key at the specified position .
inserts the string representation of the boolean argument into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then inserted into this string buffer at the indicated offset . the offset
adds a list of privileges .
normalize the class path .
create a sequence containing one object
the internal representation of the double to either positive or negative double .
append a node onto the vector .
creates a string representation of the given node type .
updatefunctionalitytest2 # testupdate7 ( ) . updates table using subquery in where clause todo foreign key functionality is not supported
this service is used to read historical values or events of one or more nodes .
validate the syntax scheme
finished the scanner has finished
return the real address of the header
an internal entity declaration .
check if given operation is in the list of statements to be merged .
returns the next object in the iteration
use it if you need to add a multiple messages
handler for the user
copy this principal from a previously stored fields .
returns whether the specified object equals to this instance .
return a random number with a default value .
returns the corresponding byte array for the given byte array .
creates a new panel object .
return the head of the next value .
gets the message is alive .
calculates the distance ( or similarity ) between two instances . need to pass this returned distance later on to postprocess method to set it on correct scale . < br / > p . s . : please don ' t mix the use of this function with distance
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
find all the same objects as the supplied resource .
this method to remove all full database from the database .
debugging : dot representation of this graph
resize the tables to the actual size
returns true if there ' s another socket address to try .
calculate the percentile for the zone coordinates of the target level .
queue the name of the database
given a name , extract an id
rotate point between two relation
finds the next byte array of the specified offset .
< rm > , asr # < shift_imm > operation : if rs [ < 0 ] = = 0 then shifter_operand = rm shifter_carry_out = c flag else if rs [ 7 : 0 ] < 32 then shifter_operand = rm logical_shift_left rs [ 7 : 0 ] shifter_carry_out
removes the option options from the option is requested .
generates a label for the specified series .
perform a string of the given uri at the given pattern .
adjust preferred size and adjust the preferred size .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if not found .
constructs a new instance , based on a particular date / time and time zone .
this class cannot be instantiated .
if there is no field with the specified key , then associate the given value with the specified key .
reads the boolean value from the json array for specified index
generates the pop method instruction .
map in pdf file
main entry point for the launcher . note : this method calls system . exit .
waits for ( by spinning ) to have the element transfered to another thread . the element is filled into an empty slot in the arena and spun on until it is transfered or a per - slot spin limit is reached . this search and wait strategy is repeated
construct a set of signatures .
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number
returns the end of the string after the string
the method validates a query for the saml
pop the current executing attribute set .
calculates the scale of the given number
prints the entry information created
convert a java date to a calendar
remove the last element of the list at the end of the list .
serializes the document as a json serialized representation .
computes the utility table for the query variable ( typically an action variable ) , assuming no additional evidence .
convert a list of float to a float array of floats .
assigns the output socket to the next work . ( wraps around )
loading method . ( see nbt_tag )
returns the best achieved metric list of best activity paths .
parse a string value to a calendar
writes a 16 - bit short to the target stream .
returns true if the origin is initialized .
starts and activity to open the ' new account ' page in the owncloud web site
registers an extra policy subject .
trims a line and removes everything behind colon
returns the euclidean distance between two points .
adds the instructions to the list of ofinstructions in the offlowmod . any pre - existing instruction of the same type is replaced with ofinstruction inst .
get an iterator over the elements in the order .
verify that the user has requested the given set .
filter the set of points starting from the circle starting at the given circle .
init not public static method
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
the number of major faults that the process ' s waited - for children have made .
this method takes in this ( or non - java class use .
writes a single output file
returns map containing the given entries .
write the characters from an array .
bounds the current scroll if necessary , but does not synchronize the stack view with the model .
load an voice instance available in this voice instance .
puts a key / value pair into the array , optimizing for the case where the key is greater than all existing keys in the array .
add an incremental classifier listener
see the general contract of the readfloat method of datainput . bytes for this operation are read from the contained input stream .
returns a ( possibly empty ) collection view of the certificates read from the given input stream instream .
determines if double times for a directory .
converts an order clause into a compatible order .
return a block in the last block direction or any . any valid blocks .
adds the given purchase information to the database and returns the total number of times that the given product has been purchased .
configures a message label .
removes all limitlines from the axis .
links node as first element , or returns false if full .
removes all the supplied elements from the stream .
draws the given lines as segments between all points of the given list of mxpoints .
set the camera device to center
flushes the internal buffer and close all buffers .
constructs a vector of arrays .
handle a bizarre special case . nested classes ( static classes declared inside another class ) that are protected have their access bit set to public in their class files to deal with some odd reflection situation . our svuid computation must do as the jvm does and ignore access
convert a longitude to pixel coordinates .
checks if the location of a list of values is larger than x , y values have parameters .
stores the given number of entries .
removes a remote session from the remote server .
returns the string representation of this vector .
return an iterator over the contents of this node .
enables metrics for the server by setting " opt - out " to false in the config file and starting the metrics task .
creates a new array of bytes using the specified key .
returns true if the charsegment ends with the string .
write part of an array of bytes .
return true if the class was loaded from the application src / directory .
this method process the database record file
prints progress rows to a given row
a callback used to the remote release previously acquired remote . called by the thread )
returns a list of positions and returns a record to the interior
create a new check box with an empty image
add a batch of requests to the database
save the encoded ( output ) buffer into the complete encoded recording . todo : copy directly ( without the intermediate byte array )
create a jobdefinition that is using fixed delays specify , when and how often the job should be triggered .
find the _fields constant that matches fieldid , or null if its not found .
stores given integer value . alignment aware .
creates a temporary file based on the current manifest .
sign part of the xml document referered by the supplied a list of id attributes of nodes
display a popup for the given class and returns true if successful .
sets the best stepping instance .
convert the " best " ball and a superclass plan to a target plan .
maps the volume . must be serialized is closed
post all filenames provided in args
return a string representation of this object .
clear all searchable items
add an actionlistener for action events
adds a number of all items in the specified by the specified number of this entry . if the specified number of instances , it will be overwritten .
constructs a new batchedimagerequest object
order the order of the adapter
find a clone that corresponds to the key argument .
utility method to convert a string to a byte array .
description of the method
processes the process specified process output streams and stderr .
add single meta - character string .
the code that does the real work of lookup . we do a deep copy of the items being returned , both to avoid having them modified while being marshalled ( by a concurrent update method ) , and to substitute replacements for embedded entryclass and servicetype instances , to
finds all history records for the given job and job status .
checks if a xml character is well - formed
escapes a character if it has an escape sequence or is non - printable ascii . leaves non - ascii characters alone .
if a landmark has been added to the set of the active landmarks , this function re - evaluates the estimated remaining travel time based on the new set of active landmarks of the nodes contained in pendingnodes . if this estimation improved , the node ' s position in
returns a string representation of the distribution .
draw a y indicator in the background .
write a line of values to the file with a timestamp
this method returns true if the bytearray contains a pem encoded item
close the listener to close to this component .
controls the shard routing of the request . using this value to hash the shard and not the id .
receive data with a specific buffer size
inserts an attribute at the given position ( 0 to numattributes ( ) - 1 ) .
adds the index characters from the given locale to the index . the labels are added to those that are already in the index ; they do not replace the existing index characters . the collation order for this index is not changed ; it remains that of the locale
return the key in the shared buffer .
creates a new plugin loader with the given arguments .
add a separator line to the log file .
determine if sd card exists .
define and return a class from a class loader
loads the raw modules of a database .
writes the data for this segment to the stream in valid jpeg format .
rounds a double to the next nearest integer value in a probabilistic fashion ( e . g . 0 . 8 has a 20 % chance of being rounded down to 0 and a 80 % chance of being rounded up to 1 ) . in the limit , the
converts the executableelement properties to typename properties
parse the register description of a register description .
constructs the thread factory .
unit test for a heartbeat message .
format a vector of numbers into a formatted string .
add the given column to the table .
schedule an execution of constant representing the target block start .
adds a transaction to the server .
puts a custom retry .
test split and join of properties ( using pipe ) .
test mapping from a json object
returns true if . at this time , the bean is busy with some ( i . e . perhaps a worker thread is performing some calculation ) .
read a byte array value .
resets the download state back to the download manager
tests whether a single security constraint is correctly merged into an empty descriptor .
decodes a fullrevision operation .
removes a child nodes from the given node
unlinks interior node p with predecessor trail .
load the parallel corpus file .
calculates the tangent of a number within the specified saturation .
serialize a string representation of a property type .
compiles currently supported memory leak every time stamp to a buffer .
determines if the passed native volume is supported by the native full copy .
update the gui contained in the gui .
returns a double value which is the main function .
sets the size of this segment to the specified size .
checks whether the specified url is allowed to be allowed .
construct a new process with the given buffer size .
called when the user has started .
reads the next encoded byte from the encoded input stream .
add a job to the async queue .
this test doesn ' t pass on ri
testbit ( int n ) of a positive number
receive notification of the start of an element .
adds the given purchase information to the database and returns the total number of times that the given product has been purchased .
draws a string at the specified location .
read the sepcified number of characters into the array .
update the cnonce counter
accept and process an instance event
matches given vpoollist with vplex storage system id
calculate the fee amount of players
locate the vertices and the codewords area of a black blob using the start and stop patterns as locators . this assumes that the image is rotated 180 degrees and if it locates the start and stop patterns at it will re - map the vertices for a 0 degree
adds the search history to the current search history .
transform source file list of files to be compiled
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array , with the given string as a separator between each item .
write 16 - bit value to output stream , lsb first
creates a new order by reading the provided fields
create a stemmedstring from one charsequence ( stemmed ) and one string ( original )
creates a new log stream for the logs and logs a video stream for the given logs .
pack cipher suites array into a string .
constructs a new extension filter for a file extensions .
ensure the tuple array exists .
checks if the specified argument is a literal argument .
removes all children of a given node
eventually sets to the given value .
check if the supplied
returns the columns whose values are given in the result set .
write a collection of file names to source file
remove all elements from the list .
sets the uid validity
return a list of moves in the moves moves to the moves .
writes an ogg page header to the given byte array .
inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a name . also adjusts the stack to expect the key ' s value .
creates one buffer for the camera preview callback . the size of the buffer is based off of the camera preview size and the format of the camera image .
this method handles the static request .
removing room to remove room from an room .
discharges an ienergizeditem with the defined amount of energy .
returns an array containing all of the elements in this deque , in proper sequence ( from first to last element ) . < p / > < p > the returned array will be " safe " in that no references to it are maintained by this deque .
add all of the specified elements to the selection .
check if the dom implementation is in this clusterer .
get primary partitions for specified node id .
inserts the string representation of the object argument into this string buffer . the second argument is converted to a string as if by the method string . valueof , and the characters of that string are then inserted into this string buffer at the indicated offset . the offset
load the image url into the given image url .
create a tree for deciding what keys can legally be typed .
take the average of the drop matrix and expected size .
transform binary to hex
copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified character with another character .
create a textline from the specified text .
returns whether the callers of the current transaction contains a package that matches the give authentication requirements .
paints the background of an internal frame title pane .
add a graph listener
tracker the install temp
align - the column of the query string from the missing digits of the argument .
check product category . category is product
it creates a new instance of this panel .
if the normalizedscale is equal to 1 , then the image is made to fit the screen . otherwise , it is made to fit the screen according to the dimensions of the previous image matrix . this allows the image to maintain its zoom after rotation .
this method appends data to an existing file on the remote server . calling this method blocks the method will be used .
provide white list , entry in white list will not be shown in ui list .
checks if the given name is a legal java initializer .
creates an inputstreamreader that uses the given buffer references .
load properties from the specified path
we have an ofmessage we didn ' t expect given the current state and we want to treat this as an error . we currently throw an exception that will terminate the connection however , we could be more forgiving
pretty printing accumulator function for booleans
renders the clause in textual representation .
remove all database listeners
loads and validates audiomap . xml .
add a generic attribute to the class file . a generic attribute contains a stream of uninterpreted bytes which is ignored by the vm ( as long as its name doesn ' t conflict with other names for attributes that are understood by the vm )
adds number of input events to the list .
try to construct using newtransformerfactorynoserviceloader method if available .
checks to see if a given string is a valid uuid .
prepare the write half of a channel .
existing the remote service
writes locators as object
convert the supplied value into an internal representation as packedlongiv .
adds the given header to the group . the order in which this header was added is preserved .
adds a child leaf to this container .
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 2000 ops .
compute the normal ( x , y .
removes the specified result in the list .
adds a new region to the equivalence .
mod when modulus is negative
calculates the even priority , cache value
creates a new dexportprivatekeypkcs8 dialog .
scales a sql statement .
scroll to confirmed position of child
calculates the offset of the offset
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
clear listeners when finished
runs the test case .
adds a days to the format and saves it to the date .
method to be stored in the cache directory .
returns an enumeration describing the available options .
removes the entry object at the given xindex from the dataset at the specified index . returns true if an entry was removed , false if no entry was found that meets the specified requirements .
runs the read - data test .
closes given resource logging possible checked exception .
identity - based version for use in itr . remove
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height , and with new zeroed data arrays .
calculate matrix for fit_center
( don ' t start with port
add a document to be included in the document .
performs a given key .
creates a new empty simpleobjectpermissionset .
add a curve to the shape
reads the bucket names from the specified shared preferences .
returns the next character .
accept the app offer
verify that the given public key successfully handles and confirms the signature associated with this signer .
generates activity scope graph using activitymodule plus additional modules provided by inheritance .
writes the request to the buffer .
reads a local date value from the stream .
removes a listener from the collection of listeners who will be notified when the control is selected by the user .
equivalent to , but cheaper than writing integer . tohexstring ( ) . getbytes ( ) followed by crlf .
reads an input stream and returns the string .
get parameters of a list of parameters in the from ' input types .
find free space on the * nix platform using the ' df ' command .
reads all data from stream and close it silently
see if within three moves of solution .
creates a new web settings
processes sslv2 hello message . sslv2 client hello message message is an unexpected message for client side of handshake protocol . see tls 1 . 0 spec . , e . 1 . version 2 client hello
closes the write half of the stream .
executes a batch of change .
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
the ' avgrequestspersecond ' field will make everything look like it changed
returns true if this float value is infinitely large in magnitude .
get the name of the inprogress znode .
adds a new value to the series
receive data from the cursor
output the doc type declaration .
keys in a file
tests if vector has valid values are valid .
resolve relative url - s and fix a java . net . url error in handling of urls with pure query targets .
depth the maximum depth of child nodes .
determines the height of this view
utility method for converting a search path string to an array of directory and jar file urls .
adds a final object to the input .
helper method to fire the connectionerroroccurred event . to be used with fatal ( ) .
stores integer value with volatile semantic .
construct a strategy that parses a number field
creates a uri from a server to a port .
creates a new plot that is automatically .
ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes .
add a column to the adapter .
creates a new point with the given set of dimensions .
add a xml . it appends it and return a value
flush the internal buffer
add a character to the start of the queue ( will be the next character retrieved ) .
adds an instance of the given class name / value pairs .
read the specified number of bytes into an array .
returns true if there is a widget
processes and informs selector
inserts a decimal string into this object .
adds a root node to the root of this node .
expands all ancestors of the given element or tree path so that the given element becomes visible in the viewer ' s selection control and additionally expands the element if it has children .
appends a new cell to the current row containing the provided float value .
instantiates a new holding monitor .
ensure that the maximum height .
indicates whether the given charsequence is normalized as a normalized form .
get a textual description of this classifier .
escapes a som string fragment replacing " . " with " \ . " .
saves the specified entity .
read in a csv state file with the merge
inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a name . also adjusts the stack to expect the key ' s value .
handles the http token
retuns a color by a given factor .
convert an operand string to database type
returns the directory name of the given class name .
write out a new process variable .
adds new values to the series
parameterasserts that a qualifier namespace is set .
formats the float array d with the specified number format .
pack from string into array .
remove zero elements from the list .
remove all listeners that are notified of any changes in scroll state or position .
updates the color selected by the static method .
removes the ignored view from the ignore list .
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream .
ensures that the current resource is the current one .
returns the maximum number of entries that can be filled before rehashing .
removes all the existing values from the series .
toggles the section selected
combines a list of strings into a single string of those available results
stops the instance scroller
change the internal animation of the transition
adds a new signing
create a text response with known length .
return the next xmlevent in the stream .
replaces an end point with the same end string .
computes the length of a vector .
simple path more path ' s path
set the default certificates using the trustmanager of all certificates hosts .
adds a new member .
returns a string object representing this integer ' s value . the value is converted to signed decimal representation and returned as a string , exactly as if the integer value were given as an argument to the method .
add all the whitespace .
computes the name of a fully - qualified binary name .
adds the optional parameter and returns true if it will be encoded .
extracts a map of name / value pairs from the given string . names are expected to be unique .
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
this method removes the given url from the given url .
computes log probability of the weight ( taking the weight of a estimator . the weights . the weight .
copies this instance into a new map with the same properties .
adds a configuration to the configuration xml configuration defined .
creates a mapping to a service name lookup service
create a new intcolumn .
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
returns a string representation of the tag .
returns true if the current work has been canceled or if there was no work in progress on this image view . returns false if the work in progress deals with the same data . the work is not stopped in that case .
adds a bitmap to the request
analyze the location path and return 32 bits that give information about the location path as a whole . see the bit_xxx constants for meaning about each of the bits .
register a listener for block events were added
adds a marker to this log with the specified name .
generates a list of acceptable preview sizes . preview sizes are not acceptable if there is not a corresponding picture size of the same aspect ratio . if there is a corresponding picture size of the same aspect ratio , the picture size is paired up with the preview size
attempts to read more data .
constructs an object notification .
below method will be used to add row to store
checks if the host domain is a domain of the given .
this method computes the entropy of the data set
write the distribution model into the model defined open
save the current data from the object for the user .
calculate the color selected by the pointer on the bar .
reads characters into a portion of an array .
adjust the current indent information , so that information can be passed in in , begin and its child block to begin to adjust .
appends a single field to the end of the list of types .
creates a new dialogue system .
adds a button to the specified container .
checks whether the given tag is in the given tag .
returns a string representation of the business object data key .
returns true if the given ifd is a valid ifd .
creates a list of requested usage .
gets the call with the given arguments .
* generate file data from file protocol
creates a new client with all relevant events
instantiates a new crypto provider .
removes notification in the given type .
the child collection of parent ' collection of child components .
add a uuid node to this node .
removes wheel changing listener
gets the raw byte offset from the start of an object ' s memory to the memory used to store the indicated instance field .
determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction .
generates the xml representation of the object ( without xml headers or enclosing plist - tags ) .
when the window closes , stop any sequences running
returns a new instance which has the additional source to be merged together with the current array of sources . < p > this operation doesn ' t change the current fluxmerge instance .
shutdown the embedded zookeeper server and delete all data .
check if the given local id is a local local name .
bind a server socket .
checks for interrupt , returning throw_ie if interrupted before signalled , reinterrupt if after signalled , or 0 if not interrupted .
resets the output state of the builder .
reads a single byte from the given position .
writes carriers and their plans into a xml - file .
removes a listener from the system
test that a manifest without an activity with a launcher intent reports an error .
appends message if the given name is similar to the candidate .
writes a header of data from a file .
returns the java version used to generate this build .
creates an instance of a voiceresult .
tries to map . if only set of tree .
adds a new category to the tree if it isn ' t already exist .
adds the specified listener to the list of listeners that will be notified of drawer events .
this method will show
adds a new entry to this position .
remove a hidden action reference from the center of the screen .
format a time delta .
runs an audio track to the audio track .
used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent .
set bounds for the right textview including clip padding .
p - empirical joint . multi - target friendly .
remove / collapse multiple newline characters
readobject is called to restore the state of the execpermission from a stream .
returns the total of the values in one column of the supplied data table .
open the current loading of the file .
beancontextmembershiplistener method . called when a new object is removed from the beancontext of this object . for the layer , this method doesn ' t do anything . if your layer does something with the childrenadded method , or findandinit , you should take steps in this method to
performs some processing on the given item .
removes instances from containers during scaling down
draws a line on the bottom axis .
decodes a consist of the form .
start listening for changes in the data array .
returns a set of flag bound in this flag .
defines a new package using the information extracted from the specified manifest .
set up the document types
verifies the signature bytes .
add a match to the list of strings to be successful .
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . this will delete all files in the cache directory including files that weren ' t created by the cache .
time that milliseconds that computes how long ago the time ago .
converts a hex string into a byte array .
stops the job from all job immediately .
returns the downside deviation , defined as the square root of the downside variance .
transfers node , if necessary , to sync queue after a cancelled wait . returns true if thread was cancelled before being signalled .
returns a string representation of this event .
create a new version object for a specified version .
adds an attribute to the set of attributes .
convert a strong signature element to a human readable form
emit a method that ensures a collection is initialized .
unregisters client from cache .
replace the given resource string with the given classpath .
allocates a new container for the given container
check if uri represents local resource
check if mineshafter is present . if it is , we need to bypass it to send post requests
helper to wait duration
volume is not a zone level resource
validates the given message type and throws an exception if the exception is not valid .
closes the pool and its initial object .
calcola il sha1 del messaggio , usando la crypto api .
runs the test job against the provided input job
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . this is the advanced version of the call .
method which removes containers that are older containers .
test of findfirstunseenmessageuid method , of class hbasemessagemapper .
queue an " event " to be run on the gl rendering thread .
adds an error message to the error list .
ensure that the buffer has at least capacity to hold the target size
adds a key - value pair to the file .
timingtarget implementation : calculate and set the current car position based on the animation fraction
process the source tree to the output result .
processes a " query " using a user constructed solrqueryrequest , and closes the request at the end .
links all links and links the links .
generates an unique id .
removes the provider at the specified 1 - based position .
parses an element and returns it ' xml element .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
formats the amount of currency .
delete an instance of the entryclass , and remove the class from entryclasses if this is the last such instance .
loads the settings and stores them in a properties map .
log a warning message .
reads an input stream and returns it as a string .
construct a vector with the specified capacity and capacity .
removes a transaction service listener .
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface .
pushes a new type onto the output frame stack .
see sugiyama et al . 1981 ( full reference give at top )
tests session model for debugging dependencies .
called when an object has been added to the beancontext . the informationdelegator will look for certain objects it needs .
removes all layers from the map
returns the number of productions contained in this rule .
asynchronously create zookeeper path recursively and optimistically .
write the texture to a file
compare based on net amount
this method was generated by mybatis generator . this method corresponds to the database table customer
a class to populate an attribute payload .
process a generic event .
unregisters a membership listener
add a sms to the given uri .
present the texture on the screen .
generate a calendar by one day .
this method is used to determine the bind service .
removes from the given list the elements at the given indexes . ignores indexes which are out of bounds of the list .
creates a new project tree object .
determine if the expression consists of verbs .
use interpolator to get t
eliminates one or more channels from the list of channels the channels channels .
generate business speed data based on constraint
returns true if the specified value is contained in this sequence
renames the given file .
returns true if the data has been read has an input .
handle the error code .
remove the specified sensor from this sensor selection model .
prints the print information . if necessary , with information inside .
returns a string representation of the data row .
transform the path into a parent element
returns true if there ' s another proxy to try .
evaluate whether object has terminated on the context
this operation is not supported because pictures are mutable .
sets the pattern , based on the state pattern .
given the location of the ' middle snake ' , split the diff in two parts and recurse .
validates credit card number . - based on luhn formula
extracts the zip file to be extracted )
creates a new config file .
creates new form finddialog
attempts to prepare the request for a retry . if there are no more attempts remaining in the request ' s retry policy , a timeout exception is thrown .
sets up the y - axis labels . computes the desired number of labels between the two given extremes . unlike the paparexlabels ( ) method , this method needs to be called upon every refresh of the view .
forges and sends the teardown request
if this is the first time calling this method , the buffer will be checked to make sure it starts with soi marker ( 0xffd8 ) . if the image has been identified as a non - jpeg , data will be ignored and false will be returned immediately on
test deploying a simple ear .
returns the length of the string .
compares the two strings for equality .
notify that a change to a state that is available for changes in the game state .
gets the value key to check if an existing value exists .
removes the given listener from the list of diagram change listeners .
returns a new grid of the grid against a specified values .
removes leading slashes from string .
clears the " hostcontext " system property
p - empirical joint a point at p p with the given p .
add a separator line to the log file .
adds a chart viewer to the sample .
returns a buffer to the pool , throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size .
accept a data point to plot
creates a new instance .
support for getparentofnode ; walks a dom tree until it finds the element which owns the attr . this is hugely expensive , and if at all possible you should use the dom level 2 attr . ownerelement ( ) method instead . < p > the dom level 1
creates and starts a tailer for the given file .
is operating system os / 2 ?
returns the number of elements in this array .
creates a new dviewasn1dump dialog .
trims string to string
put a message to the buffer
dispose - free resources
the result will be positive , if the line is on the left of p_point else negative .
expands the given number string as a real number .
build a random number between 0 and 1 .
submits a requests for a set of permissions for an activity .
tell the user of an error , and probably throw an exception .
test custom properties against the " and properties .
construct disabled file logger .
creates a new delete - xxx sub - command for an instantiable relation .
removes all bloom from the hierarchy .
returns a string representation of the given matrix .
given a ' from ' pattern ( ala xsl : number ) , a match pattern and a context , find the first ancestor that matches the pattern ( including the context handed in ) .
constructs a new instance .
this is a facade method for the encoding operation . < p > this method encodes the remaining character sequence of the given character buffer into a new byte buffer . this method performs a complete encoding operation , resets at first , then encodes , and flushes at last
returns a map of the parameters .
resolve a class file to a dynamic class loader .
instances should not be constructed in standard programming .
convert a provided point to a map .
inserts a byte array
